# Chevron Corporation (CVX) — 10-K Annual Report (2022)

- Ticker: CVX
- Company: Chevron Corporation
- Sector: energy
- Filing year: 2022
- Filing date: 2022-02-24
- Accession number: 0000093410-22-000019

---

## 1_Business

Item 1. Business

General Development of Business

Summary Description of Chevron 

Chevron Corporation,* a Delaware corporation, manages its investments in subsidiaries and affiliates and provides administrative, financial, management and technology support to U.S. and international subsidiaries that engage in integrated energy and chemicals operations. Upstream operations consist primarily of exploring for, developing, producing and transporting crude oil and natural gas; processing, liquefaction, transportation and regasification associated with liquefied natural gas; transporting crude oil by major international oil export pipelines; transporting, storage and marketing of natural gas; and a gas-to-liquids plant. Downstream operations consist primarily of refining crude oil into petroleum products; marketing of crude oil, refined products, and lubricants; manufacturing and marketing of renewable fuels; transporting crude oil and refined products by pipeline, marine vessel, motor equipment and rail car; and manufacturing and marketing of commodity petrochemicals, plastics for industrial uses and fuel and lubricant additives.

A list of the company’s major subsidiaries is presented in Exhibit 21.1.

Overview of Petroleum Industry 

Petroleum industry operations and profitability are influenced by many factors. Prices for crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products and petrochemicals are generally determined by supply and demand. Production levels from the members of Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), Russia and the United States are the major factors in determining worldwide supply. Demand for crude oil and its products and for natural gas is largely driven by the conditions of local, national and global economies, although weather patterns, the pace of energy transition and taxation relative to other energy sources also play a significant part. Laws and governmental policies, particularly in the areas of taxation, energy and the environment, affect where and how companies invest, conduct their operations, select feedstocks, and formulate their products and, in some cases, limit their profits directly.

Strong competition exists in all sectors of the petroleum and petrochemical industries in supplying the energy, fuel and chemical needs of industry and individual consumers. In the upstream business, Chevron competes with fully integrated, major global petroleum companies, as well as independent and national petroleum companies, for the acquisition of crude oil and natural gas leases and other properties and for the equipment and labor required to develop and operate those properties. In its downstream business, Chevron competes with fully integrated, major petroleum companies, as well as independent refining and marketing, transportation and chemicals entities and national petroleum companies in the refining, manufacturing, sale and marketing of fuels, lubricants, additives and petrochemicals. 

Operating Environment 

Refer to pages 32 through 40 of this Form 10-K in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the company’s current business environment and outlook.

Chevron’s Strategic Direction

Chevron’s strategy is to leverage its strengths to deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world. The company’s primary objective is to deliver higher returns, lower carbon and superior shareholder value in any business environment. In the upstream, the company’s strategy is to deliver industry-leading returns while developing high-value resource opportunities. In the downstream, the company’s strategy is to be the leading downstream and chemicals company that delivers on customer needs. Chevron aims to lower the carbon intensity of its traditional oil and gas operations and grow lower carbon businesses in renewable fuels, hydrogen, carbon capture and offsets. To grow its lower carbon businesses, Chevron plans to target sectors of the economy where emissions are harder to abate or that cannot be easily electrified, while leveraging the company’s capabilities, assets and customer relationships.

Information about the company is available on the company’s website at www.chevron.com. Information contained on the company’s website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on the company’s website soon after such reports are filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The reports are also available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.

________________________________________________________

* Incorporated in Delaware in 1926 as Standard Oil Company of California, the company adopted the name Chevron Corporation in 1984 and ChevronTexaco Corporation in 2001. In 2005, ChevronTexaco Corporation changed its name to Chevron Corporation. As used in this report, the term “Chevron” and such terms as “the company,” “the corporation,” “our,” “we,” “us” and "its" may refer to Chevron Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or all of them taken as a whole, but unless stated otherwise they do not include “affiliates” of Chevron — i.e., those companies accounted for by the equity method (generally owned 50 percent or less) or non-equity method investments. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs. 

3

Human Capital Management

Chevron invests in its employees and culture, with the objective of developing the full potential of its workforce to deliver energy solutions and drive human progress. The Chevron Way explains the company’s beliefs, vision, purpose and values. It guides how the company’s employees work and establishes a common understanding of culture and aspirations. Chevron hires, develops, and strives to retain a diverse workforce of high-performing talent, and fosters a culture that values diversity, inclusion and employee engagement. Chevron leadership is accountable for the company’s investment in people and the company’s culture. This includes reviews of metrics addressing critical function hiring, leadership development, retention, diversity and inclusion, and employee engagement.

The following table summarizes the number of Chevron employees by gender, where data is available, and by region as of December 31, 2021. 

At December 31, 2021

FemaleMaleGender data not available1

Total Employees

Number of EmployeesPercentageNumber of EmployeesPercentageNumber of EmployeesPercentageNumber of EmployeesPercentage

Non-Service Station Employees

U.S.5,090 26 %14,512 74 %25 — %19,627 46 %

Other Americas925 27 %2,484 72 %37 1 %3,446 8 %

Africa612 17 %2,991 83 %3 — %3,606 8 %

Asia2,493 35 %4,621 65 %31 — %7,145 17 %

Australia533 25 %1,634 75 %3 — %2,170 5 %

Europe381 25 %1,121 75 %2 — %1,504 4 %

Total Non-Service Station Employees10,034 27 %27,363 73 %101 — %37,498 88 %

Service Station Employees2,170 43 %1,732 34 %1,195 23 %5,097 12 %

Total Employees12,204 29 %29,095 68 %1,296 3 %42,595 100 %

1 Includes employees where gender data was not collected or employee chose not to disclose gender.

Hiring, Development and Retention

The company’s approach to attracting, developing and retaining a diverse workforce of high-performing talent is anchored in a long-term employment model that fosters an environment of personal growth and engagement. Chevron’s philosophy is to offer compelling career opportunities and a competitive total compensation and benefits package linked to individual and enterprise performance. Chevron recruits new employees in part through partnerships with universities and diversity associations. In addition, the company recruits experienced hires to provide specialized skills.

Chevron’s learning and development programs are designed to help employees achieve their full potential by building technical, operating and leadership capabilities at all levels to produce energy safely, reliably and efficiently. Chevron’s leadership regularly reviews metrics on employee training and development programs, which are continually evolving to meet the needs of our evolving business. For example, the company delivers learning experiences digitally to empower its employees, in any location, to develop, maintain and enhance critical skills. In addition, to ensure business continuity, leadership regularly reviews the talent pipeline, identifies and develops succession candidates, and builds succession plans for key positions. The Board of Directors provides oversight of CEO and executive succession planning. 

Management routinely reviews the retention of its professional population, which includes executives, all levels of management, and the majority of its regular employee population. The annual voluntary attrition for this population was 4.5 percent, which is in line with rates over a five-year comparison period. The voluntary attrition rate generally excludes employee departures under enterprise-wide restructuring programs. Chevron believes its low voluntary attrition rate is in part a result of the company’s commitment to employee development, its long-term employment model, competitive pay and benefits, and its culture.

Diversity and Inclusion

Chevron believes innovative solutions to the most complex challenges emerge when diverse people, ideas, and experiences come together in an inclusive environment. Chevron reinforces the values of diversity and inclusion through recruitment and talent development, equitable selection processes, community partnerships and supplier diversity. Examples of 

4

initiatives to further advance diversity and inclusion include the company’s MARC (Men Advocating Real Change) program launched in 2017 in partnership with the non-profit organization Catalyst to facilitate discussions on gender equity in the workplace, and selection processes that reinforce the importance of diverse selection teams and candidate slates. In addition, Chevron has twelve employee networks (voluntary groups of employees that come together based on shared identity or interests) and a Chairman’s Inclusion Council, which provides the employee network presidents with a direct line of communication to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer, the Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer, and the executive leadership team to collaborate and discuss how employee networks can reinforce Chevron’s values of diversity and inclusion.

Employee Engagement 

Employee engagement is an indicator of employee well-being and commitment to the company’s values, purpose and strategies. Chevron regularly conducts employee surveys to assess the health of the company’s culture; recent surveys indicate high employee engagement. In 2021, the company increased survey frequency to better understand employee sentiment throughout the year, including focused efforts to gain insights into employee well-being. Chevron prioritizes the health, safety and well-being of its employees. Chevron’s safety culture empowers every member of its workforce to exercise stop-work authority without repercussion to address any potential unsafe work conditions. Chevron developed new safeguards and operating standards and updated existing protocols to adjust for the ever-changing conditions of the pandemic, including a return to the workplace strategy, with paced, condition-based stages. The company also announced a hybrid work model based on employee feedback and learnings from the pandemic, which will allow certain employees the flexibility to combine in-office and remote work. Additionally, the company offers long-standing employee support programs such as Ombuds, an independent resource designed to equip employees with options to address and resolve workplace issues; a company hotline, where employees can report concerns to the Corporate Compliance department; and an Employee Assistance Program, a confidential consulting service that can help employees resolve a broad range of personal, family and work-related concerns.

5

Description of Business and Properties

The upstream and downstream activities of the company and its equity affiliates are widely dispersed geographically, with operations and projects* in North America, South America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia. Tabulations of segment sales and other operating revenues, earnings, assets, and income taxes for the three years ending December 31, 2021, and assets as of the end of 2021 and 2020 — for the United States and the company’s international geographic areas — are in Note 14 Operating Segments and Geographic Data to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Similar comparative data for the company’s investments in and income from equity affiliates and property, plant and equipment are in Note 15 Investments and Advances and Note 18 Property, Plant and Equipment. Refer to page 45 of this Form 10-K in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the company’s capital and exploratory expenditures. 

Upstream 

Reserves 

Refer to Table V for a tabulation of the company’s proved reserves by geographic area, at the beginning of 2019 and at each year-end from 2019 through 2021. Reserves governance, technologies used in establishing proved reserves additions, and major changes to proved reserves by geographic area for the three-year period ended December 31, 2021, are summarized in the discussion for Table V. Discussion is also provided regarding the nature of, status of, and planned future activities associated with the development of proved undeveloped reserves. The company recognizes reserves for projects with various development periods, sometimes exceeding five years. The external factors that impact the duration of a project include scope and complexity, remoteness or adverse operating conditions, infrastructure constraints, and contractual limitations.

At December 31, 2021, 34 percent of the company’s net proved oil-equivalent reserves were located in the United States, 19 percent were located in Australia and 16 percent were located in Kazakhstan.

The net proved reserve balances at the end of each of the three years 2019 through 2021 are shown in the following table: 

At December 31

202120202019

Liquids — Millions of barrels

Consolidated Companies4,756 4,475 4,771 

Affiliated Companies1,357 1,672 1,750 

Total Liquids6,113 6,147 6,521 

Natural Gas — Billions of cubic feet

Consolidated Companies28,314 27,006 26,587 

Affiliated Companies2,594 2,916 2,870 

Total Natural Gas30,908 29,922 29,457 

Oil-Equivalent — Millions of barrels1

Consolidated Companies9,475 8,976 9,202 

Affiliated Companies1,789 2,158 2,229 

Total Oil-Equivalent11,264 11,134 11,431 

1 Oil-equivalent conversion ratio is 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas = 1 barrel of crude oil.

________________________________________________________

*    As used in this report, the term “project” may describe new upstream development activity, individual phases in a multiphase development, maintenance activities, certain existing assets, new investments in downstream and chemicals capacity, investments in emerging and sustainable energy activities, and certain other activities. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of the term “project” as it relates to any specific governmental law or regulation.

6

Net Production of Liquids and Natural Gas 

The following table summarizes the net production of liquids and natural gas for 2021 and 2020 by the company and its affiliates. Worldwide oil-equivalent production of 3.099 million barrels per day in 2021 was up approximately 1 percent from 2020. Additional production from the Noble Energy, Inc. (Noble) acquisition and lower production curtailments were partially offset by asset sale related decreases of 80,000 barrels per day, expiration of the Rokan concession in Indonesia, unfavorable entitlement effects, and normal field declines. Refer to the “Results of Operations” section beginning on page 38 for a detailed discussion of the factors explaining the changes in production for crude oil, condensate, natural gas liquids, synthetic oil and natural gas, and refer to Table V for information on annual production by geographical region.

Components of Oil-Equivalent

Oil-EquivalentLiquidsNatural Gas

Thousands of barrels per day (MBPD)(MBPD)1

(MBPD)(MMCFPD)

Millions of cubic feet per day (MMCFPD)202120202021202020212020

United States2

1,139 1,058 858 790 1,689 1,607 

Other Americas 

Argentina

33 25 28 21 31 24 

Brazil

3 6 3 6 — 1 

Canada3

161 159 136 138 150 126 

Colombia4

— 2 — — — 14 

Total Other Americas197 192 167 165 181 165 

Africa 

Angola

78 87 70 78 52 53 

Equatorial Guinea2

52 11 18 5 204 42 

Nigeria

165 183 124 140 246 260 

Republic of Congo

39 46 37 44 13 13 

Total Africa334 327 249 267 515 368 

Asia 

Azerbaijan4

— 7 — 7 — 3 

Bangladesh

112 107 2 3 655 622 

China

30 32 12 15 104 100 

Indonesia

67 138 62 131 30 43 

Israel2

91 20 1 — 541 116 

Kazakhstan

41 55 24 32 103 136 

Kurdistan Region of Iraq2 — 2 — — — 

Myanmar

15 15 — — 92 92 

Partitioned Zone5

58 18 56 17 7 3 

Philippines4

— 5 — 1 — 25 

Thailand

163 207 41 54 736 918 

Total Asia579 604 200 260 2,268 2,058 

Australia

 Australia449 441 43 42 2,434 2,392 

Total Australia449 441 43 42 2,434 2,392 

Europe 

United Kingdom4

14 14 13 13 6 5 

Total Europe14 14 13 13 6 5 

Total Consolidated Companies2,712 2,636 1,530 1,537 7,093 6,595 

Affiliates6

387 447 284 331 616 695 

Total Including Affiliates7 

3,099 3,083 1,814 1,868 7,709 7,290 

1 Oil-equivalent conversion ratio is 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas = 1 barrel of crude oil.

2 Includes production associated with the acquisition of Noble commencing October 2020.

3 Includes synthetic oil:  Canada, net 

55 5455 54— — 

4 Chevron sold its interest in various upstream producing assets in 2020 and 2021.

5 Located between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. Production was shut-in in May 2015 and resumed in July 2020.

6 Volumes represent Chevron’s share of production by affiliates, including Tengizchevroil in Kazakhstan and Angola LNG in Angola.

7 Volumes include natural gas consumed in operations of 592 million and 603 million cubic feet per day in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total “as sold” natural gas volumes were 7,117 million and 6,687 million cubic feet per day for 2021 and 2020, respectively.

7

Production Outlook

The company estimates its average worldwide oil-equivalent production in 2022 to be flat to down three percent compared to 2021 assuming a Brent crude oil price of $60 per barrel and excluding the impact of asset sales that may close in 2022. Excluding contract expirations and 2022 asset sales, 2022 production is expected to increase by two to five percent compared to 2021. This estimate is subject to many factors and uncertainties, as described beginning on page 35. Refer to the “Review of Ongoing Exploration and Production Activities in Key Areas,” beginning on page 10, for a discussion of the company’s major crude oil and natural gas development projects.

Average Sales Prices and Production Costs per Unit of Production 

Refer to Table IV for the company’s average sales price per barrel of crude (including crude oil and condensate) and natural gas liquids and per thousand cubic feet of natural gas produced, and the average production cost per oil-equivalent barrel for 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

Gross and Net Productive Wells 

The following table summarizes gross and net productive wells at year-end 2021 for the company and its affiliates: 

At December 31, 2021

Productive Oil Wells1

Productive Gas Wells1

Gross Net Gross Net 

United States37,346 28,321 2,430 2,055 

Other Americas1,094 682 245 161 

Africa1,744 683 50 19 

Asia2,276 1,158 2,454 1,168 

Australia533 299 105 29 

Europe34 7 — — 

Total Consolidated Companies43,027 31,150 5,284 3,432 

Affiliates2

1,662 600 — — 

Total Including Affiliates44,689 31,750 5,284 3,432 

Multiple completion wells included above731 431 148 116 

1 Gross wells represent the total number of wells in which Chevron has an ownership interest. Net wells represent the sum of Chevron’s ownership interest in gross wells.

2 Includes gross 1,423 and net 480 productive oil wells for interests accounted for by the non-equity method.

Acreage 

At December 31, 2021, the company owned or had under lease or similar agreements undeveloped and developed crude oil and natural gas properties throughout the world. The geographical distribution of the company’s acreage is shown in the following table:

Undeveloped2

Developed Developed and Undeveloped 

Thousands of acres1

Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net 

United States3,949 3,383 4,513 3,136 8,462 6,519 

Other Americas20,156 11,314 1,088 240 21,244 11,554 

Africa9,066 4,941 2,522 1,051 11,588 5,992 

Asia17,445 6,397 1,593 773 19,038 7,170 

Australia9,999 6,099 2,061 812 12,060 6,911 

Europe109 21 15 3 124 24 

Total Consolidated Companies60,724 32,155 11,792 6,015 72,516 38,170 

Affiliates3

697 287 107 49 804 336 

Total Including Affiliates61,421 32,442 11,899 6,064 73,320 38,506 

1  Gross acres represent the total number of acres in which Chevron has an ownership interest. Net acres represent the sum of Chevron’s ownership interest in gross acres.

2  The gross undeveloped acres that will expire in 2022, 2023 and 2024 if production is not established by certain required dates are 11,590, 4,778, and 282, respectively.

3  Includes gross 405 and net 141 undeveloped and gross 19 and net 5 developed acreage for interests accounted for by the non-equity method.

Delivery Commitments 

The company sells crude oil and natural gas from its producing operations under a variety of contractual obligations. Most contracts generally commit the company to sell quantities based on production from specified properties, but some natural gas and crude oil sales contracts specify delivery of fixed and determinable quantities.

8

In the United States, the company is contractually committed to deliver approximately 16 million barrels of crude oil and 759 billion cubic feet of natural gas to third parties from 2022 through 2024. The company believes it can satisfy these contracts through a combination of equity production from the company’s proved developed U.S. reserves and third-party purchases. These commitments are primarily based on contracts with indexed pricing terms. 

Outside the United States, the company is contractually committed to deliver a total of 2.9 trillion cubic feet of natural gas to third parties from 2022 through 2024 from operations in Australia and Israel. The Australia sales contracts contain variable pricing formulas that generally reference the prevailing market price for crude oil, natural gas or other petroleum products at the time of delivery. The sales contracts for Israel contain formulas that generally reflect an initial base price subject to price indexation, Brent-linked or other, over the life of the contract. The company believes it can satisfy these contracts from quantities available from production of the company’s proved developed reserves in these countries.

Development Activities 

Refer to Table I for details associated with the company’s development expenditures and costs of proved property acquisitions for 2021, 2020 and 2019.

The following table summarizes the company’s net interest in productive and dry development wells completed in each of the past three years, and the status of the company’s development wells drilling at December 31, 2021. A “development well” is a well drilled within the known area of a crude oil or natural gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive. 

Wells Drilling1

Net Wells Completed 

at 12/31/21202120202019

Gross Net Prod. Dry Prod. DryProd. Dry 

United States108 66 319 2 539 2 682 1 

Other Americas7 4 54 — 27 — 36 — 

Africa3 1 4 — 5 — 26 — 

Asia38 18 35 — 94 2 181 2 

Australia— — — — — — — — 

Europe— — 1 — 1 — 1 — 

Total Consolidated Companies156 89 413 2 666 4 926 3 

Affiliates16 1 8 — 13 — 43 — 

Total Including Affiliates172 90 421 2 679 4 969 3 

1 Gross wells represent the total number of wells in which Chevron has an ownership interest. Net wells represent the sum of Chevron’s ownership interest in gross wells.

Exploration Activities 

Refer to Table I for detail on the company’s exploration expenditures and costs of unproved property acquisitions for 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

The following table summarizes the company’s net interests in productive and dry exploratory wells completed in each of the last three years, and the number of exploratory wells drilling at December 31, 2021. “Exploratory wells” are wells drilled to find and produce crude oil or natural gas in unknown areas and include delineation and appraisal wells, which are wells drilled to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of crude oil or natural gas in another reservoir or to extend a known reservoir.

Wells Drilling*Net Wells Completed 

at 12/31/21202120202019

Gross Net Prod. Dry Prod. Dry Prod. Dry 

United States3 2 2 2 4 1 10 2 

Other Americas1 — — — 2 2 — — 

Africa— — — — — — — — 

Asia1 1 — — — — — — 

Australia— — — — — — — — 

Europe— — — — — — — — 

Total Consolidated Companies5 3 2 2 6 3 10 2 

Affiliates— — — — — — — — 

Total Including Affiliates5 3 2 2 6 3 10 2 

* Gross wells represent the total number of wells in which Chevron has an ownership interest. Net wells represent the sum of Chevron’s ownership interest in gross wells.

9

Review of Ongoing Exploration and Production Activities in Key Areas 

Chevron has exploration and production activities in many of the world’s major hydrocarbon basins. Chevron’s 2021 key upstream activities, some of which are also discussed in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, beginning on page 38, are presented below. The comments include references to “total production” and “net production,” which are defined under “Production” in Exhibit 99.1. 

The discussion that follows references the status of proved reserves recognition for significant long-lead-time projects not on production as well as for projects recently placed on production. Reserves are not discussed for exploration activities or recent discoveries that have not advanced to a project stage, or for mature areas of production that do not have individual projects requiring significant levels of capital or exploratory investment. 

United States

Upstream activities in the United States are primarily located in Texas, New Mexico, California, Colorado, and the Gulf of Mexico. Acreage for the United States can be found in the table on page 8. Net daily oil-equivalent production in the United States can be found in the table on page 7.

Chevron is one of the largest producers in the Permian Basin with a production outlook of more than one million barrels of net oil equivalent production per day by 2025. The company’s advantaged portfolio of development areas in west Texas and southeast New Mexico is comprised of stacked formations enabling production from multiple geologic zones from single surface locations. Chevron has implemented a Permian factory development strategy utilizing multi-well pads to drill a series of horizontal wells that are subsequently completed concurrently using hydraulic fracture stimulation. Top tier drilling and completions performance has enabled year-over-year capital expenditure efficiency improvement and cycle time reduction generating higher returns throughout Chevron’s Permian portfolio. Chevron’s Permian operations have also demonstrated continual progress on its lower carbon and water goals, consistently ranking among the best Permian operators for methane emissions intensity, routine flaring, and water handling (utilizing 99 percent brackish or recycled sources). In 2021, Chevron’s net daily unconventional production in the Permian Basin averaged 284,000 barrels of crude oil, 1.1 billion cubic feet of natural gas and 148,000 barrels of NGLs. Conventional production averaged 10,000 barrels of crude oil, 39 million cubic feet of natural gas and 2,000 barrels of NGLs per day. 

Chevron holds mature assets in the Eagle Ford Shale in Texas that produced 29,000 barrels of oil-equivalent per day in 2021. 

In 2021, Chevron was one of the largest crude oil producers in California with a net daily oil equivalent production of 96,000 barrels. Chevron completed front-end engineering and design (FEED) in second quarter 2021 on a carbon capture project for emissions reduction from the gas turbines in one of our California co-generation facilities. This project leverages two innovative technologies—carbon dioxide concentration and carbon capture—and has the potential to scale across our full fleet of turbines. A final investment decision for this project is expected in third quarter 2022, with anticipated start-up in 2024. Chevron is also progressing the installation of a 20MWh battery at the solar power plant in the Lost Hills field with start-up expected in third quarter 2022.

In Colorado, development in the Denver-Julesburg (DJ) Basin is primarily focused on Chevron’s Mustang and Wells Ranch areas where the company’s comprehensive drilling plans allow for efficient resource development. Chevron’s net daily production in the DJ Basin averaged 56,000 barrels of crude oil, 302 million cubic feet of natural gas and 36,000 barrels of NGLs during 2021.

Chevron also has operations in Colorado’s Piceance Basin as well as acreage positions in Wyoming and Utah.

During 2021, net daily production in the Gulf of Mexico averaged 180,000 barrels of crude oil, 102 million cubic feet of natural gas and 12,000 barrels of NGLs. Chevron is engaged in various operated and nonoperated exploration, development and production activities in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Chevron also holds nonoperated interests in several shelf fields.

The deepwater Jack and St. Malo fields are being jointly developed with a host floating production unit located between the two fields. Chevron has a 50 percent interest in the Jack Field and a 51 percent interest in the St. Malo Field. Both fields are company operated. The company has a 40.6 percent interest in the production host facility, which is designed to accommodate production from the Jack/St. Malo development and third-party tiebacks. Additional development opportunities for the Jack and St. Malo fields progressed in 2021. The St. Malo Stage 4 waterflood project includes two new production wells, three injector wells, and topsides water injection equipment at the St. Malo Field. Two oil production wells were placed online, and first injection is expected in 2023. Additional Jack development in 2021 consisted 

10

of a single well tieback and related subsea infrastructure installation. The Stage 4 multiphase subsea pump project replaced the single-phase subsea pumps in both the Jack and St. Malo fields. Multiphase pump modules were completed and received in 2021 with installation expected to commence in 2022. Proved reserves have been recognized for the multiphase subsea pump project. The Jack and St. Malo fields have an estimated remaining production life of 30 years.

The company has a 15.6 percent nonoperated working interest in the deepwater Mad Dog Field. Project execution continued in 2021 on the Mad Dog 2 Project with installation of the floating production platform in November 2021. First oil is expected in the second half of 2022. Proved reserves have been recognized for the Mad Dog 2 Project.

Chevron has a 60 percent-owned and operated interest in the Big Foot Project, located in the deepwater Walker Ridge area. Development drilling activities are ongoing, with an additional production well coming online in July 2021. The project has an estimated remaining production life of 30 years.

The company has a 58 percent-owned and operated interest in the deepwater Tahiti Field. First production from the Tahiti Upper Sands Project was achieved in April 2021. The Tahiti Field has an estimated remaining production life of more than 20 years.

Chevron holds a 25 percent nonoperated working interest in the Stampede Field, which is located in the Green Canyon area. The field has an estimated remaining production life of 25 years.

Chevron has owned and operated interests of 62.9 to 75.4 percent in the unit areas containing the Anchor Field. Stage 1 of the Anchor development consists of a seven-well subsea development and a semi-submersible floating production unit. Drilling of the first development well began in December 2021. Proved reserves were recognized in 2021 for Anchor, with first production expected in 2024.

Chevron has a 60 percent-owned and operated interest in the Ballymore Field located in the Mississippi Canyon, which is being developed as a subsea tieback to the existing Blind Faith facility. Chevron entered FEED for Ballymore in March 2021, and a final investment decision is expected in second quarter 2022.

The company holds a 40 percent nonoperated working interest in the Whale discovery located in the Perdido area. A final investment decision was made for Whale in July 2021. First production is expected for Whale in 2024 and proved reserves have been recognized for this project. 

During 2021, the company participated in four exploration wells in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Chevron was formally awarded eight blocks during 2021 as a result of 2020 U.S. Gulf of Mexico lease sales.

Other Americas

“Other Americas” includes Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Mexico, Suriname and Venezuela. Acreage for “Other Americas” can be found in the table on page 8. Net daily oil-equivalent production from these countries can be found in the table on page 7.

Argentina Chevron holds a 50 percent nonoperated interest in the Loma Campana and Narambuena concessions in the Vaca Muerta Shale. In 2021, the appraisal program at Narambuena was completed, with the final two wells of the four-well campaign placed on production. With completion of this program, Chevron achieved its farm-in commitment for this block. At Loma Compana, 32 horizontal wells were drilled in 2021, with 39 wells in total put on production. This concession expires in 2048. 

Chevron also owns and operates a 100 percent interest in the El Trapial Field with both conventional production and Vaca Muerta Shale potential. The company utilizes waterflood operations to mitigate declines at the operated El Trapial Field and completed the Vaca Muerta appraisal program in 2021, with the final three wells of this program placed on production.  The El Trapial concession expires in 2032.

Brazil Chevron holds between 30 and 45 percent of both operated and nonoperated interests in 11 blocks within the Campos and Santos basins. One exploration well began drilling in 2021, and one exploration well commenced drilling in early 2022. 

In July 2021, the company sold its 37.5 percent nonoperated interest in the Papa-Terra oil field. 

Canada Upstream interests in Canada are concentrated in Alberta and the offshore Atlantic region of Newfoundland and Labrador. The company also has interests in the Northeast British Columbia and the Beaufort Sea region of the Northwest Territories. 

11

The company holds a 20 percent nonoperated working interest in the Athabasca Oil Sands Project (AOSP) and associated Quest carbon capture and storage project in Alberta. Oil sands are mined from both the Muskeg River and the Jackpine mines, and bitumen is extracted from the oil sands and upgraded into synthetic oil. Carbon dioxide emissions from the upgrader are reduced by carbon capture and storage facilities. 

Chevron has a 70 percent-owned and operated interest in most of its Duvernay shale acreage. By early 2022, a total of 227 wells have been tied into production facilities.

Chevron holds a 26.9 percent nonoperated working interest in the Hibernia Field and a 24.1 percent nonoperated working interest in the unitized Hibernia Southern Extension areas offshore Atlantic Canada. The company holds a 29.6 percent nonoperated working interest in the heavy oil Hebron Field, also offshore Atlantic Canada, which has an expected remaining economic life of 30 years.

The company holds a 25 percent nonoperated working interest in blocks EL 1145, EL 1146 and EL 1148 and a 40 percent nonoperated working interest in EL 1149 located in offshore Atlantic Canada. 

Colombia Chevron holds a 40 percent-owned and operated working interest in the offshore Colombia-3 and Guajira Offshore-3 Blocks.

Mexico The company owns and operates a 33.3 percent interest in Block 3 in the Perdido area of the Gulf of Mexico. In the Cuenca Salina area in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, Chevron holds a 37.5 percent-owned and operated interest in Block 22. The company also holds a 40 percent nonoperated interest in Blocks 20, 21 and 23.

Suriname Chevron was the successful bidder in an April 2021 bid round for a 40 percent-owned and operated working interest in Block 5 and signed the production-sharing contract (PSC) in October 2021. Chevron also holds a 33.3 percent nonoperated working interest in deepwater Block 42 where one exploration well is expected to be drilled during 2022. 

Venezuela Chevron’s interests in Venezuela are located in western Venezuela and the Orinoco Belt. At December 31, 2021, no proved reserves are recognized for these interests. In 2021, the company conducted activities in Venezuela consistent with the authorization provided pursuant to general licenses issued by the United States government. The company remains committed to its people, assets, and operations in Venezuela.

Chevron holds a 39.2 percent interest in Petroboscan, which operates the Boscan Field in western Venezuela under an agreement expiring in 2026. Chevron has a 30 percent interest in Petropiar, which operates the heavy oil Huyapari Field under an agreement expiring in 2033.  Chevron also holds a 25.2 percent interest in Petroindependiente, which operates the LL-652 Field in Lake Maracaibo under a contract expiring in 2026, and a 35.7 percent interest in Petroindependencia, which includes the Carabobo 3 heavy oil project located in three blocks in the Orinoco Belt. The Petroindependencia contract expires in 2035. 

Chevron also operates and holds a 60 percent interest in the Loran gas field offshore Venezuela. This is part of a cross- border field that includes the Manatee Field in Trinidad and Tobago. This license expires in 2039.

Africa

In Africa, the company is engaged in upstream activities in Angola, the Republic of Congo, Cameroon, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, and Nigeria. Acreage for Africa can be found in the table on page 8. Net daily oil-equivalent production from these countries can be found in the table on page 7.

Angola The company operates and holds a 39.2 percent interest in Block 0, a concession adjacent to the Cabinda coastline. The Block 0 partners and National Concessionaire signed an extension for an additional 20 years in December 2021. This extension to 2050 is subject to legislative approvals. The Block 0 Sanha Lean Gas Connection Project (SLGC) reached final investment decision in January 2021. SLGC is a new platform that ties the existing complex to new connecting pipelines for gathering and exporting gas from Blocks 0 and 14 to Angola LNG. 

Chevron also operates and holds a 31 percent interest in a PSC for deepwater Block 14 which expires in 2028. During 2021, drilling operations restarted in Block 14 following the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic related shut-down. 

Chevron has a 36.4 percent interest in Angola LNG Limited, which operates an onshore natural gas liquefaction plant in Soyo, Angola. The plant has the capacity to process 1.1 billion cubic feet of natural gas per day. This is the world’s first LNG plant supplied with associated gas, where the natural gas is a byproduct of crude oil production. Feedstock for the plant originates from multiple fields and operators. During 2021, work continued toward developing non-associated gas in offshore Angola, which is expected to supply the Angola LNG plant.

12

Angola-Republic of Congo Joint Development Area Chevron operates and holds a 31.3 percent interest in the Lianzi Unitization Zone, located in an area shared equally by Angola and the Republic of Congo. This interest expires in 2031.

Republic of Congo Chevron has a 31.5 percent nonoperated working interest in the offshore Haute Mer permit area. The permits for Nkossa, Nsoko and Moho-Bilondo expire in 2027, 2034 and 2030, respectively. 

Cameroon Chevron owns and operates the YoYo Block in the Douala Basin. Preliminary development plans include a possible joint development between YoYo and the Yolanda Field in Equatorial Guinea. 

Egypt In the Mediterranean Sea, Chevron holds a 90 percent-owned and operated interest in North Sidi Barrani (Block 2), North El Dabaa (Block 4) and the Nargis block, as well as a 27 percent nonoperated working interest in both North Marina (Block 6) and North Cleopatra (Block 7). In the Red Sea, the company holds a 45 percent-owned and operated interest in Block 1. 

Equatorial Guinea Chevron has a 38 percent-owned and operated interest in the Aseng oil field and the Yolanda natural gas field in Block I and a 45 percent-owned and operated interest in the Alen natural gas and condensate field in Block O. The Alen Gas Project was completed in February 2021, with the first LNG cargo shipped in March 2021. 

Chevron signed a production sharing agreement for an 80 percent-owned and operated interest in Block EG-09, offshore Equatorial Guinea, in the Douala Basin located south of the Alen and Aseng oil fields. 

The company also holds a 32 percent nonoperated interest in the natural gas and condensate Alba Field, a 28 percent nonoperated interest in the Alba LPG Plant and a 45 percent interest in the Atlantic Methanol Production Company.

Nigeria Chevron operates and holds a 40 percent interest in eight concessions, seven operated and one nonoperated in the onshore and near-offshore regions of the Niger Delta. The company also holds acreage positions in three operated and six nonoperated deepwater blocks, with working interests ranging from 20 to 100 percent. 

Chevron is the operator of the Escravos Gas Plant (EGP) with a total processing capacity of 680 million cubic feet per day of natural gas and liquified petroleum gas and condensate export capacity of 58,000 barrels per day. The company is also the operator of the 33,000-barrel-per-day Escravos Gas to Liquids facility. In addition, the company holds a 36.9 percent interest in the West African Gas Pipeline Company Limited affiliate, which supplies Nigerian natural gas to customers in Benin, Togo and Ghana.

Chevron operates and holds a 67.3 percent interest in the Agbami Field, located in deepwater Oil Mining Lease (OML) 127 and OML 128. Additionally, Chevron holds a 30 percent nonoperated working interest in the Usan Field in OML 138. The leases that contain the Usan and Agbami Fields expire in 2023 and 2024, respectively. 

Also, in the deepwater area, the Aparo Field in OML 132 and OML 140 and the third-party-owned Bonga SW Field in OML 118 share a common geologic structure and are planned to be developed jointly. Chevron holds a 16.6 percent nonoperated working interest in the unitized area. The development plan involves subsea wells tied back to a floating production, storage and offloading vessel. Work continues to progress toward a final investment decision. At the end of 2021, no proved reserves were recognized for this project.

In deepwater exploration, Chevron operates and holds a 55 percent interest in the deepwater Nsiko discoveries in OML 140. Chevron also holds a 27 percent interest in adjacent licenses OML 139 and OML 154. The company continues to work with the operator to evaluate development options for the multiple discoveries in the Usan area, including the Owowo Field, which straddles OML 139 and OML 154. The development plan for the Owowo field involves a subsea tie-back to the existing Usan floating, production, storage, and offloading vessel.

In April 2021, further to the exercise of a preemptive right by its joint venture partner, the company signed an agreement to divest its 40 percent operated interest in OML 86 and OML 88. This sale is subject to customary closing conditions.

Asia

In Asia, the company is engaged in upstream activities in Bangladesh, China, Cyprus, Indonesia, Israel, Kazakhstan, Kurdistan Region of Iraq, Myanmar, the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, Russia, and Thailand. Acreage for Asia can be found in the table on page 8. Net daily oil-equivalent production for these countries can be found in the table on page 7. 

13

Bangladesh Chevron operates and holds a 100 percent interest in Block 12 (Bibiyana Field) and Blocks 13 and 14 (Jalalabad and Moulavi Bazar fields). The rights to produce from Jalalabad expire in 2030, from Moulavi Bazar in 2033 and from Bibiyana in 2034. 

China Chevron has nonoperated working interests in several areas in China. The company has a 49 percent nonoperated working interest in the Chuandongbei Project, including the Loujiazhai and Gunziping natural gas fields located onshore in the Sichuan Basin. 

The company also has nonoperated working interests of 32.7 percent in Block 16/19 in the Pearl River Mouth Basin and 24.5 percent in the Qinhuangdao (QHD) 32-6 Block in the Bohai Bay. The PSCs for Block 16/19 and QHD 32-6 expire in 2028 and 2024, respectively.

Cyprus The company holds a 35 percent-owned and operated interest in the Aphrodite gas field in Block 12. Chevron operates the field with the Government of Cyprus and has a license that expires in 2044.

Indonesia Chevron has working interests through various PSCs in Indonesia. In offshore eastern Kalimantan, the company operates and holds a 62 percent interest in two PSCs in the Kutei Basin (Rapak and Ganal) and operates and holds a 72 percent interest in the Makassar Strait PSC. The PSCs for offshore eastern Kalimantan expire in December 2027 (Rapak and Makassar Strait) and February 2028 (Ganal). The Chevron-operated Rokan PSC in Sumatra expired in August 2021.

Chevron concluded during 2019 that the Indonesia Deepwater Development held by the Kutei Basin PSCs did not compete in its portfolio and is evaluating strategic alternatives for the participating interest in these PSCs.

Israel Chevron holds a 39.7 percent-owned and operated interest in the Leviathan Field, which operates under a concession that expires in 2044. The company also holds a 25 percent-owned and operated interest in the Tamar gas field, which operates under a concession that expires in 2038. Opportunities to further monetize the existing gas resources are being assessed for both the Tamar and Leviathan fields. 

Kazakhstan Chevron has a 50 percent interest in the Tengizchevroil (TCO) affiliate and an 18 percent nonoperated working interest in the Karachaganak Field. 

TCO is developing the Tengiz and Korolev crude oil fields in western Kazakhstan under a concession agreement that expires in 2033. All of TCO’s 2021 crude oil production was exported through the Caspian Pipeline Consortium (CPC) pipeline.

In 2021, TCO continued construction on the Future Growth Project and Wellhead Pressure Management Project (FGP/WPMP), with all modules being placed on foundation as of April 2021. The third of four metering stations associated with the project was completed in September 2021, collectively delivering over 100 MBOED of production through existing facilities in the fourth quarter. The project also successfully integrated the utility modules for the 3rd generation plant. At year-end, the project was approximately 89 percent complete. Due to pandemic impacts, it is expected that the WPMP portion will start up in mid-2023, with FGP expected to come online in late-2023 to mid-2024. Proved reserves have been recognized for FGP/WPMP.

The Karachaganak Field is located in northwest Kazakhstan, and operations are conducted under a PSC that expires in 2038. Most of the exported liquids were transported through the CPC pipeline during 2021. Development continued on the Karachaganak Expansion Project Stage 1A during 2021. The initial recognition of proved reserves occurred in 2021 for this project.

Kazakhstan/Russia Chevron has a 15 percent interest in the CPC. Progress continued on the debottlenecking project, which is expected to further increase capacity. During 2021, CPC transported an average of 1.3 million barrels of crude oil per day, composed of 1.1 million barrels per day from Kazakhstan and 0.2 million barrels per day from Russia.

Kurdistan Region of Iraq The company holds a 50 percent nonoperated interest in the Sarta PSC, which expires in 2047, and a 40 percent nonoperated interest in the Qara Dagh PSC. Chevron relinquished operatorship of the Sarta block effective January 2022. 

Myanmar Chevron has a 28.3 percent nonoperated working interest in a PSC for the production of natural gas from the Yadana, Badamyar and Sein fields, within Blocks M5 and M6, in the Andaman Sea. The PSC expires in 2028. The company also has a 28.3 percent nonoperated working interest in a pipeline company that transports natural gas to the Myanmar-Thailand border for delivery to power plants in Thailand. In January 2022, Chevron announced its intention to begin the process of a planned and orderly transition that will lead to an exit from the country.

14

Partitioned Zone Chevron holds a concession to operate the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s 50 percent interest in the hydrocarbon resources in the onshore area of the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. The concession expires in 2046. Current activities focus on base business optimization and production enhancement opportunities. 

Thailand Chevron holds operated interests in the Pattani Basin, located in the Gulf of Thailand, with ownership ranging from 35 percent to 80 percent. Concessions for producing areas within this basin expire between 2022 and 2035. Chevron also has a 16 percent nonoperated working interest in the Arthit Field located in the Malay Basin. Concessions for the producing areas within this basin expire between 2036 and 2040. 

Within the Pattani Basin, the company holds ownership ranging from 70 to 80 percent of the Erawan concession, which expires in April 2022. Chevron also has a 35 percent-owned and operated interest in the Ubon Project in Block 12/27. 

Chevron holds between 30 to 80 percent operated and nonoperated working interests in the Thailand-Cambodia Overlapping Claims Area that are inactive, pending resolution of border issues between Thailand and Cambodia.

Australia

Chevron is Australia's largest producer of LNG. Acreage can be found in the table on page 8. Net daily oil-equivalent production can be found in the table on page 7. 

Upstream activities in Australia are concentrated offshore Western Australia, where the company is the operator of two major LNG projects, Gorgon and Wheatstone, and has a nonoperated working interest in the North West Shelf (NWS) Venture and exploration acreage in the Carnarvon Basin. 

Chevron holds a 47.3 percent-owned and operated interest in Gorgon on Barrow Island, which includes the development of the Gorgon and Jansz-Io fields, a three-train 15.6 million-metric-ton-per-year LNG facility, a carbon capture and underground storage facility and a domestic gas plant. Progress on the Gorgon Stage 2 project continued in 2021, with the completion of the pipelay in May 2021 and first production expected in third quarter 2022. The company reached a final investment decision on the Jansz-Io Compression Project in July 2021, and proved reserves have been recognized for this project. Gorgon’s estimated remaining economic life exceeds 40 years.

Chevron holds an 80.2 percent interest in the offshore licenses and a 64.1 percent-owned and operated interest in the LNG facilities associated with Wheatstone. Wheatstone includes the development of the Wheatstone and Iago fields, a two-train, 8.9 million-metric-ton-per-year LNG facility, and a domestic gas plant. The onshore facilities are located at Ashburton North on the coast of Western Australia. Wheatstone’s estimated remaining economic life exceeds 20 years.

Chevron has a 16.7 percent nonoperated working interest in the NWS Venture in Western Australia. 

The company continues to evaluate exploration and appraisal activity across the Carnarvon Basin in which it holds more than 6.0 million net acres. Chevron relinquished 0.5 million net acres in 2021 in the Carnarvon and Browse basins.

Chevron owns and operates the Clio, Acme and Acme West fields. The company is collaborating with other Carnarvon Basin participants to assess the possibility of developing Clio and Acme through shared utilization of existing infrastructure.

United Kingdom

Acreage can be found in the table on page 8. Net oil equivalent production for the United Kingdom can be found in the table on page 7. 

Chevron holds a 19.4 percent nonoperated working interest in the Clair Field, located west of the Shetland Islands. The Clair Ridge Project is the second development phase of the Clair Field, with a design capacity of 120,000 barrels of crude oil and 100 million cubic feet of natural gas per day. The Clair Field has an estimated remaining production life extending beyond 2050.

Sales of Natural Gas and Natural Gas Liquids 

 The company sells natural gas and NGLs from its producing operations under a variety of contractual arrangements. In addition, the company also makes third-party purchases and sales of natural gas and NGLs in connection with its supply and trading activities. 

During 2021, U.S. and international sales of natural gas averaged 4.0 billion and 5.2 billion cubic feet per day, respectively, which includes the company’s share of equity affiliates’ sales. Outside the United States, substantially all of the natural gas 

15

sales from the company’s producing interests are from operations in Angola, Argentina, Australia, Bangladesh, Canada, Equatorial Guinea, Kazakhstan, Indonesia, Israel, Nigeria and Thailand. 

U.S. and international sales of NGLs averaged 230,000 and 180,000 barrels per day, respectively, in 2021. 

Refer to “Selected Operating Data,” on page 42 in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for further information on the company’s sales volumes of natural gas and natural gas liquids. Refer also to “Delivery Commitments” beginning on page 8 for information related to the company’s delivery commitments for the sale of crude oil and natural gas.

Downstream

Refining Operations

At the end of 2021, the company had a refining network capable of processing 1.8 million barrels of crude oil per day. Operable capacity at December 31, 2021, and daily refinery inputs for 2019 through 2021 for the company and affiliate refineries, are summarized in the table below. 

Average crude oil distillation capacity utilization was 82 percent in 2021 and 76 percent in 2020. At the U.S. refineries, crude oil distillation capacity utilization averaged 83 percent in 2021, compared with 73 percent in 2020. Chevron processes both imported and domestic crude oil in its U.S. refining operations. Imported crude oil accounted for about 60 percent and 59 percent of Chevron’s U.S. refinery inputs in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

In the United States, the company continued work on projects aimed at improving refinery flexibility and reliability. At the El Segundo Refinery in California, production of renewable fuels from bio-feedstocks was achieved in third quarter 2021. At the refinery in Salt Lake City, Utah, the alkylation retrofit project reached start-up in April 2021. The Pasadena Refinery enables processing of greater amounts of Permian light crude oil and provides integration with Chevron’s Gulf Coast Pascagoula, Mississippi refinery and Houston Blend Center. 

Outside the United States, the company has three large refineries in Singapore, South Korea and Thailand. The Singapore Refining Company (SRC), a 50 percent-owned joint venture, has a total capacity of 290,000 barrels of crude per day and manufactures a wide range of petroleum products, including higher-quality gasoline that meets stricter emission standards. Refinery upgrades have enabled SRC to produce higher-quality gasoline that meets stricter emission standards. The 50 percent-owned, GS Caltex (GSC) operated, Yeosu Refinery in South Korea remains one of the world’s largest refineries with a total crude capacity of 800,000 barrels per day. The company’s 60.6 percent-owned refinery in Map Ta Phut, Thailand, continues to supply high-quality petroleum products through the Caltex brand into regional markets.

Petroleum Refineries: Locations, Capacities and Inputs

Capacities and inputs in thousands of barrels per dayDecember 31, 2021Refinery Inputs

Locations Number Operable Capacity 202120202019

PascagoulaMississippi1 369 333 305 358 

El SegundoCalifornia1 290 233 176 241 

RichmondCalifornia1 257 211 198 236 

Pasadena1

Texas1 110 76 69 58 

Salt Lake CityUtah1 58 50 45 54 

Total Consolidated Companies — United States 5 1,084 903 793 947 

Map Ta PhutThailand1 175 135 143 134 

Total Consolidated Companies — International 1 175 135 143 134 

AffiliatesVarious Locations2

2 545 441 441 483 

Total Including Affiliates — International 3 720 576 584 617 

Total Including Affiliates — Worldwide 8 1,804 1,479 1,377 1,564 

1    In May 2019, the company acquired the Pasadena, TX refinery. 

2    In March 2020, the company sold its interest in the Pakistan refinery. 

16

Marketing Operations

The company markets petroleum products under the principal brands of “Chevron,” “Texaco” and “Caltex” throughout many parts of the world. The following table identifies the company’s and its affiliates’ refined products sales volumes, excluding intercompany sales, for the three years ended December 31, 2021.

Refined Products Sales Volumes

Thousands of barrels per day202120202019

United States

Gasoline

655 581667

Jet Fuel

173 139256

Diesel/Gas Oil

179 167191

Residual Fuel Oil

39 3342

Other Petroleum Products1

93 8394

Total United States1,139 1,003 1,250 

International2

Gasoline

321 264289

Jet Fuel

140 143238

Diesel/Gas Oil

471 438427

Residual Fuel Oil

177 184167

Other Petroleum Products1 

206 192206

Total International 1,315 1,221 1,327 

Total Worldwide2 

2,454 2,224 2,577 

1 Principally naphtha, lubricants, asphalt, and coke. 

2 Includes share of affiliates’ sales: 

357 348379

 In the United States, the company markets under the Chevron and Texaco brands. At year-end 2021, the company supplied directly or through retailers and marketers approximately 8,200 Chevron- and Texaco-branded service stations, primarily in the southern and western states. Approximately 310 of these outlets are company-owned or -leased stations.

Outside the United States, Chevron supplied directly or through retailers and marketers approximately 5,700 branded service stations, including affiliates. The company markets in Latin America using the Texaco brand. In the Asia-Pacific region and the Middle East, the company uses the Caltex brand. In South Korea, the company operates through its 50 percent-owned affiliate, GSC. In Australia, Chevron markets primarily under the Puma brand via a network of terminals and service stations. Starting in 2022, the company will begin a rebranding project to transition to the Caltex brand in Australia.

Chevron markets commercial aviation fuel to 69 airports worldwide. The company also markets an extensive line of lubricant and coolant products under the product names Havoline, Delo, Ursa, Meropa, Rando, Clarity and Taro in the United States and worldwide under the three brands: Chevron, Texaco and Caltex.

Chemicals Operations 

Chevron Oronite Company develops, manufactures and markets performance additives for lubricating oils and fuels and conducts research and development for additive component and blended packages. At the end of 2021, the company manufactured, blended or conducted research at 11 locations around the world. Commercial production from the lubricant additive blending and shipping plant in Ningbo, China was achieved in second quarter 2021.

Chevron owns a 50 percent interest in Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC (CPChem). CPChem produces olefins, polyolefins and alpha olefins and is a supplier of aromatics and polyethylene pipe, in addition to participating in the specialty chemical and specialty plastics markets. At the end of 2021, CPChem owned or had joint-venture interests in 28 manufacturing facilities and two research and development centers around the world. 

In addition to continued efforts to debottleneck existing ethylene and polyethylene units, CPChem advanced projects at existing facilities to expand its normal alpha olefins business. In May 2021, CPChem announced plans for a second world-scale unit at Old Ocean, Texas to produce on-purpose 1-hexene with expected capacity of 266,000 metric tons per year. In December 2021, CPChem made final investment decision on a new C3 splitter unit at its Cedar Bayou facility in Baytown, Texas that is expected to have the capacity to produce 1 billion pounds of propylene annually. Target start-up for both units is 2023.

17

CPChem holds a 51 percent interest in the U.S. Gulf Coast II Petrochemical Project (USGC II) and a 30 percent interest in the Ras Laffan Petrochemical Project (RLPP) in Qatar. CPChem continued engineering on RLPP as well as continued work toward FID on USGC II.

Chevron also maintains a role in the petrochemical business through the operations of GSC, the company’s 50 percent-owned affiliate. GSC manufactures aromatics, including benzene, toluene and xylene. These base chemicals are used to produce a range of products, including adhesives, plastics and textile fibers. GSC also produces polypropylene, which is used to make automotive and home appliance parts, food packaging, laboratory equipment and textiles.

First production from the olefins mixed-feed cracker and associated polyethylene unit within the existing refining and petrochemical facilities in Yeosu, South Korea was achieved in June 2021, ahead of schedule and under budget.    

Renewable Fuels

The company continued to advance lower carbon actions in the downstream business, particularly through development of renewable fuels, which include renewable natural gas (RNG), renewable diesel, sustainable aviation fuel, and renewable base oils and lubricants. The company has two partnerships to produce and market dairy biomethane, with CalBioGas and Brightmark RNG Holdings. In fourth quarter 2021, Brightmark RNG Holdings delivered first RNG. Separately, all CalBioGas farms are now online. In June 2021, the company announced its first branded compressed natural gas (CNG) site as part of its plan to have more than 30 CNG sites in California supplied with RNG by 2025. In October 2021, the company closed its acquisition of an equity interest in American Natural Gas LLC (now Beyond6, LLC) and its network of 60 CNG retail sites, in order to meet customers’ needs beyond California.

Progress has continued at the company’s El Segundo Refinery in California to produce renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel through the co-processing of bio-feedstock. In third quarter 2021, the refinery began co-processing about 2,000 barrels per day of bio-feedstock, producing renewable diesel at a diesel hydrotreating unit as well as a batch of sustainable aviation fuel at a fluid catalytic cracking unit. In 2022, the company expects to convert the same diesel hydrotreater at the El Segundo refinery to 100 percent renewable capability, increasing capacity to 10,000 barrels per day of renewable diesel.

The company continues development of renewable base oil through our patented technology and majority ownership in Novvi and has made progress integrating this renewable base oil into Chevron’s lubricant product lines. Chevron developed Havoline Pro-RS, with lifecycle emissions that are 35 percent lower than those of conventional motor oil of equal viscosity. In November 2021, the company made this renewable based lubricant available to professional installers in the United States and Canada, and it is expected to be available to U.S. consumers in early 2022.

Transportation 

Pipelines Chevron owns and operates a network of crude oil, natural gas and product pipelines and other infrastructure assets in the United States. In addition, Chevron operates pipelines for its 50 percent-owned CPChem affiliate. The company also has direct and indirect interests in other U.S. and international pipelines. Chevron acquired all of the outstanding common units of Noble Midstream Partners LP not already owned by Chevron or any of its affiliates in May 2021.

Refer to pages 13 and 14 in the Upstream section for information on the West African Gas Pipeline and the Caspian Pipeline Consortium. 

Shipping The company’s marine fleet includes both U.S. and foreign flagged vessels. The operated fleet consists of conventional crude tankers, product carriers and LNG carriers. These vessels transport crude oil, LNG, refined products and feedstock in support of the company’s global upstream and downstream businesses. In December 2021, Chevron joined the Sea Cargo Charter, a benchmark initiative for responsible shipping activities, transparent greenhouse gas reporting, and improved decision making in line with the United Nations’ decarbonization targets.

Other Businesses 

Chevron Technical Center The company’s technical center provides expertise to drive the application of technology, initiatives to transform Chevron’s digital future, and innovative breakthrough technologies to support the future of energy. The organization conducts research, develops and qualifies technology, and provides technical services and competency development. The disciplines cover earth sciences, reservoir and production engineering, drilling and completions, 

18

facilities engineering, manufacturing, process technology, catalysis, technical computing and health, environment and safety.

Chevron’s information technology organization integrates computing, telecommunications, data management, cybersecurity and network technology to provide a digital infrastructure to enable Chevron’s global operations and business processes. 

Chevron Technology Ventures (CTV) leverages innovative companies and technologies to strengthen Chevron’s core operations and identifies new opportunities with the potential to enhance the way Chevron produces and delivers affordable, reliable, and ever-cleaner energy. CTV has more than two decades of venture investing, with eight funds that have supported more than 100 startups and worked with more than 200 co-investors. In addition to the company’s own managed funds, Chevron also is a limited partner in the following funds: the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI) Climate Investments fund, which targets the decarbonization of oil and gas, industry and commercial transportation; the Emerald Ventures fund, which targets energy, water, industrial IT and advanced materials; and the HX Venture fund, which targets Houston, Texas high-growth start-up companies. 

Chevron continued its participation as a member of OGCI, a global collaboration focused on the industry’s efforts to take actions to accelerate and participate in a lower carbon future. In 2021, the Climate Investments fund made additional investments and deployed or piloted portfolio technologies with member companies, helping enable methane and CO2 emissions reductions, as well as advancing carbon capture utilization and storage (CCUS) technologies.

Some of the investments the company makes in the areas described above are in new or unproven technologies and business processes; therefore, the ultimate technical or commercial successes of these investments are not certain. Refer to Note 27 Other Financial Information for quantification of the company’s research and development expenses. 

Chevron New Energies The new energies organization was formed in 2021 and is designed to advance the company’s strategy by bringing together dedicated resources focused on growing new lower carbon businesses that have the potential to scale. Its initial focus will include commercialization opportunities in hydrogen, CCUS, and carbon offsets. These businesses are expected to support the company’s efforts to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions and are also expected to become high-growth opportunities with the potential to generate accretive returns. 

Environmental Protection The company designs, operates and maintains its facilities to avoid potential spills or leaks and to minimize the impact of those that may occur. Chevron requires its facilities and operations to have operating standards and processes and emergency response plans that address significant risks identified through site-specific risk and impact assessments. Chevron also requires that sufficient resources be available to execute these plans. In the unlikely event that a major spill or leak occurs, Chevron also maintains a Worldwide Emergency Response Team comprised of employees who are trained in various aspects of emergency response, including post-incident remediation. 

To complement the company’s capabilities, Chevron maintains active membership in international oil spill response cooperatives, including the Marine Spill Response Corporation, which operates in U.S. territorial waters, and Oil Spill Response, Ltd., which operates globally. The company is a founding member of the Marine Well Containment Company, whose primary mission is to expediently deploy containment equipment and systems to capture and contain crude oil in the unlikely event of a future loss of control of a deepwater well in the Gulf of Mexico. In addition, the company is a member of the Subsea Well Response Project, which has the objective to further develop the industry’s capability to contain and shut in subsea well control incidents in different regions of the world. 

The company is committed to lowering the carbon intensity of its traditional oil and gas operations, in addition to complying with the greenhouse gas-related laws and regulations to which it is subject. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors on pages 20 through 25 for further discussion of greenhouse gas regulation and climate change and the associated risks to Chevron’s business.

Refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations on page 49 for additional information on environmental matters and their impact on Chevron, and on the company’s 2021 environmental expenditures. Refer to page 49 and Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments for a discussion of environmental remediation provisions and year-end reserves.

## 1A_RiskFactors

Item 1A. Risk Factors

As a global energy company, Chevron is subject to a variety of risks that could materially impact the company’s results of operations and financial condition.

BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL RISK FACTORS 

Impacts of the continuation or further resurgences of the COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse and potentially material adverse effect on Chevron’s financial and operating results The economic, business, and oil and gas industry impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic and the disruption to capital markets have been and continue to be far reaching. While the oil and gas industry witnessed a substantial recovery of commodity prices and demand for products during 2021, there continues to be uncertainty and unpredictability about the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial and operating results in future periods. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic adversely impacts our future financial and operating results, and for what duration and magnitude, depends on several factors that are continuing to evolve, are difficult to predict and, in many instances, are beyond the company's control. Such factors include the duration and scope of the pandemic, including any further resurgences of the COVID-19 virus and its variants, and the impact on our workforce and operations; the negative impact of the pandemic on the economy and economic activity, including travel restrictions and prolonged low demand for our products; the ability of our affiliates, suppliers and partners to successfully navigate the impacts of the pandemic; the actions taken by governments, businesses and individuals in response to the pandemic; the actions of OPEC and other countries that otherwise impact supply and demand and, correspondingly, commodity prices; the extent and duration of recovery of economies and demand for our products after the pandemic subsides; and Chevron’s ability to keep its cost model in line with changing demand for our products. 

The company’s suppliers continue to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and access to materials, supplies, and contract labor has been strained. This strain on the financial health of the company’s suppliers could put pressure on the company’s financial results and may negatively impact supply assurance and supplier performance. In-country conditions, including potential future waves of the COVID-19 virus and its variants in countries that appear to have reduced their infection rates, could impact logistics and material movement and remain a risk to business continuity.

In light of the significant uncertainty around the duration and extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, management is currently unable to develop with any level of confidence estimates and assumptions that may have a material impact on the company’s consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance in any given period. In addition, the unprecedented nature of such market conditions could cause current management estimates and assumptions to be challenged in hindsight.  

In addition, the continuation or further resurgences of the pandemic could precipitate or aggravate the other risk factors identified in this Form 10-K, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and profitability, including in ways not currently known or considered by us to present significant risks. 

Chevron is exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices Chevron is primarily in a commodities business that has a history of price volatility. The single largest variable that affects the company’s results of operations is the price of crude oil, which can be influenced by general economic conditions, industry production and inventory levels, technology advancements, production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries or other producers, weather-related damage and disruptions due to other natural or human causes beyond our control (including without limitation due to the COVID-19 pandemic), competing fuel prices, geopolitical risks, the pace of energy transition, and governmental regulations and policies regarding the development of oil and gas reserves. Chevron evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as a core part of its business planning process. An investment in the company carries significant exposure to fluctuations in global crude oil prices.

Extended periods of low prices for crude oil can have a material adverse impact on the company’s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Among other things, the company’s upstream earnings, cash flows, and capital and exploratory expenditure programs could be negatively affected, as could its production and proved reserves. Upstream assets may also become impaired. Downstream earnings could be negatively affected because they depend upon the supply and demand for refined products and the associated margins on refined product sales. A significant or sustained decline in liquidity could adversely affect the company’s credit ratings, potentially increase financing costs and reduce access to capital markets. The company may be unable to realize anticipated cost savings, expenditure reductions and asset sales that are intended to compensate for such downturns, and such downturns may also slow the pace and scale at which we are able to invest in new business lines such as the lower carbon businesses associated with our Chevron New Energies 

20

organization. In some cases, liabilities associated with divested assets may return to the company when an acquirer of those assets subsequently declares bankruptcy. In addition, extended periods of low commodity prices can have a material adverse impact on the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity of the company’s suppliers, vendors, partners and equity affiliates upon which the company’s own results of operations and financial condition depends.

The scope of Chevron’s business will decline if the company does not successfully develop resources The company is in an extractive business; therefore, if it is not successful in replacing the crude oil and natural gas it produces with good prospects for future organic opportunities or through acquisitions, the company’s business will decline. Creating and maintaining an inventory of projects depends on many factors, including obtaining and renewing rights to explore, develop and produce hydrocarbons; drilling success; reservoir optimization; ability to bring long-lead-time, capital-intensive projects to completion on budget and on schedule; and efficient and profitable operation of mature properties. 

The company’s operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control Chevron operates in both urban areas and remote and sometimes inhospitable regions. The company’s operations are therefore subject to disruption from natural or human causes beyond its control, including risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, heat waves, other forms of severe weather, wildfires, ambient temperature increases, sea level rise, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats, terrorist acts and epidemic or pandemic diseases such as the COVID-19 pandemic, some of which may be impacted by climate change and any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment.

Chevron’s risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. While capital investment reviews and decisions incorporate potential ranges of physical risks such as storm severity and frequency, sea level rise, air and water temperature, precipitation, fresh water access, wind speed, and earthquake severity, among other factors, it is difficult to predict with certainty the timing, frequency or severity of such events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition.

Cyberattacks targeting Chevron’s process control networks or other digital infrastructure could have a material adverse impact on the company’s business and results of operations There are numerous and evolving risks to Chevron’s cybersecurity and privacy from cyber threat actors, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage and employee malfeasance. These cyber threat actors, whether internal or external to Chevron, are becoming more sophisticated and coordinated in their attempts to access the company’s information technology (IT) systems and data, including the IT systems of cloud providers and other third parties with whom the company conducts business through, without limitation, malicious software; data privacy breaches by employees, insiders or others with authorized access; cyber or phishing-attacks; ransomware; attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems; and other electronic security breaches. Although Chevron devotes significant resources to prevent unwanted intrusions and to protect its systems and data, whether such data is housed internally or by external third parties, the company has experienced and will continue to experience cyber incidents of varying degrees in the conduct of its business. Cyber threat actors could compromise the company’s process control networks or other critical systems and infrastructure, resulting in disruptions to its business operations, injury to people, harm to the environment or its assets, disruptions in access to its financial reporting systems, or loss, misuse or corruption of its critical data and proprietary information, including without limitation its intellectual property and business information and that of its employees, customers, partners and other third parties. Any of the foregoing can be exacerbated by a delay or failure to detect a cyber incident or the full extent of such incident. Further, the company has exposure to cyber incidents and the negative impacts of such incidents related to its critical data and proprietary information housed on third-party IT systems, including the cloud. Additionally, authorized third-party IT systems or software can be compromised and used to gain access or introduce malware to Chevron's IT systems that can materially impact the company’s business. Regardless of the precise method or form, cyber events could result in significant financial losses, legal or regulatory violations, reputational harm, and legal liability and could ultimately have a material adverse effect on the company’s business and results of operations.

The company’s operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight Chevron’s results depend on its ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent to operating in the crude oil and natural gas industry. The company seeks to minimize these operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair our ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability and/or disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes and systems, behaviors and compliance 

21

mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. In certain situations where Chevron is not the operator, the company may have limited influence and control over third parties, which may limit its ability to manage and control such risks. 

The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure The company does not have commercial insurance or third-party indemnities to fully cover all operational risks or potential liability in the event of a significant incident or series of incidents causing catastrophic loss. As a result, the company is, to a substantial extent, self-insured for such events. The company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from such an event or series of events. The occurrence of a significant incident, series of events, or unforeseen liability for which the company is self-insured, not fully insured or for which insurance recovery is significantly delayed could have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations or financial condition. 

LEGAL, REGULATORY AND ESG-RELATED RISK FACTORS

Chevron’s business subjects the company to liability risks from litigation or government action The company produces, transports, refines and markets potentially hazardous materials, and it purchases, handles and disposes of other potentially hazardous materials in the course of its business. Chevron's operations also produce byproducts, which may be considered pollutants. Often these operations are conducted through joint ventures over which the company may have limited influence and control. Any of these activities could result in liability or significant delays in operations arising from private litigation or government action. For example, liability or delays could result from an accidental, unlawful discharge or from new conclusions about the effects of the company’s operations on human health or the environment. In addition, to the extent that societal pressures or political or other factors are involved, it is possible that such liability could be imposed without regard to the company’s causation of or contribution to the asserted damage, or to other mitigating factors. 

For information concerning some of the litigation in which the company is involved, see Note 16 Litigation.

Political instability and significant changes in the legal and regulatory environment could harm Chevron’s business The company’s operations, particularly exploration and production, can be affected by changing political, regulatory and economic environments in the various countries in which it operates. As has occurred in the past, actions could be taken by governments to increase public ownership of the company’s partially or wholly owned businesses, to force contract renegotiations, or to impose additional taxes or royalties. In certain locations, governments have proposed or imposed restrictions on the company’s operations, trade, currency exchange controls, burdensome taxes, and public disclosure requirements that might harm the company’s competitiveness or relations with other governments or third parties. In other countries, political conditions have existed that may threaten the safety of employees and the company’s continued presence in those countries, and internal unrest, acts of violence or strained relations between a government and the company or other governments may adversely affect the company’s operations. Those developments have, at times, significantly affected the company’s operations and results and are carefully considered by management when evaluating the level of current and future activity in such countries. Further, Chevron is required to comply with sanctions and other trade laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions where we operate which, depending upon their scope, could adversely impact the company’s operations and financial results in certain countries. In addition, litigation or changes in national, state or local environmental regulations or laws, including those designed to stop or impede the development or production of oil and gas, such as those related to the use of hydraulic fracturing or bans on drilling, or any law or regulation that impacts the demand for our products, could adversely affect the company’s current or anticipated future operations and profitability. 

Legislative or regulatory changes in tax laws may expose Chevron to additional tax liabilities Changes in tax laws and regulations around the world are regularly enacted due to political or economic factors beyond the company’s control. Chevron’s taxes in the jurisdictions where the company conducts business activities have been and may be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or regulations. Furthermore, Chevron’s tax returns are subject to audit by taxing authorities around the world. There is no assurance that taxing authorities or courts will agree with the positions that Chevron has reflected on the company’s tax returns, in which case interest and penalties could be imposed that may have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations or financial condition. 

For information concerning the company’s tax liabilities, see Note 17 Taxes and Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments.

22

Legislation, regulation, and other government actions and shifting customer preferences and other private efforts related to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and climate change could continue to increase Chevron’s operational costs and reduce demand for Chevron’s hydrocarbon and other products, resulting in a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations and financial condition Chevron has experienced and may be further challenged by increases in the impacts of international and domestic legislation, regulation, or other government actions relating to GHG emissions (e.g., carbon dioxide and methane) and climate change. International agreements and national, regional, and state legislation and regulatory measures that aim to directly or indirectly limit or reduce GHG emissions are in various stages of implementation. The company is currently subject to implemented programs in certain jurisdictions such as the U.S. Renewable Fuel Standard program, the European Union Emissions Trading System, and the California cap-and-trade program and low carbon fuel standard obligations. Further, the Paris Agreement went into effect in November 2016, and a number of countries in which we operate may adopt additional policies to meet their Paris Agreement goals. Globally, multiple jurisdictions are considering adopting or are in the process of implementing laws or regulations to directly regulate GHG emissions through similar or other mechanisms, such as a carbon tax, a cap-and-trade program, or performance standards, or to indirectly advance reduction of GHG emissions through restrictive permitting, trade tariffs, minimum renewable usage requirements, increased GHG reporting and climate-related disclosure requirements, or tax advantages or other incentives to promote the use of alternative energy, fuel sources or lower-carbon technologies. GHG emissions that may be directly regulated through such efforts include, among others, those associated with the company’s exploration and production of hydrocarbons; the upgrading of production from oil sands into synthetic oil; power generation; the conversion of crude oil and natural gas into refined hydrocarbon products; the processing, liquefaction, and regasification of natural gas; the transportation of crude oil, natural gas, and related products; and customers’ use of the company’s hydrocarbon products. Indirect regulation of GHG emissions could include, among other things, bans or restrictions on technologies or products that use the company’s hydrocarbon products. Many of these actions, as well as customers’ preferences and use of the company’s products or substitute products, and actions taken by the company’s competitors in response to legislation and regulations, are beyond the company’s control. 

Similar to any significant changes in the regulatory environment, GHG emissions and climate change-related legislation, regulation, or other government actions may curtail profitability in the oil and gas sector, or render the extraction of the company’s hydrocarbon resources economically infeasible. In particular, GHG emissions-related legislation, regulations, and other government actions and shifting customer preferences and other private efforts aimed at reducing GHG emissions may result in increased and substantial capital, compliance, operating, and maintenance costs and could, among other things, reduce demand for hydrocarbons and the company’s hydrocarbon-based products; increase demand for lower carbon products and alternative energy sources; make the company’s products more expensive; adversely affect the economic feasibility of the company’s resources; impact or limit our business plans; and adversely affect the company’s sales volumes, revenues, margins and reputation. The ultimate effect of international agreements; national, regional, and state legislation and regulation; and government and private actions related to GHG emissions and climate change on the company’s financial performance, and the timing of these effects, will depend on a number of factors. Such factors include, among others, the sectors covered, the GHG emissions reductions required, the extent to which Chevron would be entitled to receive emission allowance allocations or would need to purchase compliance instruments on the open market or through auctions, the price and availability of emission allowances and credits and the extent to which the company is able to recover the costs incurred through the pricing of the company’s products in the competitive marketplace. Further, the ultimate impact of GHG emissions and climate change-related agreements, legislation, regulation, and government actions on the company’s financial performance is highly uncertain because the company is unable to predict with certainty, for a multitude of individual jurisdictions, the outcome of political decision-making processes, including the actual laws and regulations enacted, the variables and tradeoffs that inevitably occur in connection with such processes, and market conditions.

Increasing attention to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters may impact our business Increasing attention to ESG matters, including those related to climate change and sustainability, increasing societal, investor and legislative pressure on companies to address ESG matters, and potential customer use of substitutes to Chevron’s products may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our products, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation or threats thereof, negative impacts on our stock price and access to capital markets, and damage to our reputation. Increasing attention to climate change, for example, may result in demand shifts for our hydrocarbon products and additional governmental investigations and private litigation, or threats thereof, against the company. For instance, we have received investigative requests and demands from the U.S. Congress for information relating to climate change, methane leak 

23

detection and repair, and other topics, and further requests and/or demands are possible. At this time, Chevron cannot predict the ultimate impact any Congressional or other investigations may have on the company.

In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters, including climate change and climate-related risks. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Also, some stakeholders, including but not limited to sovereign wealth, pension, and endowment funds, have been divesting and promoting divestment of or screening out of fossil fuel equities and urging lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. Unfavorable ESG ratings and investment community divestment initiatives, among other actions, may lead to negative investor sentiment toward Chevron and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access to and costs of capital. Additionally, evolving expectations on various ESG matters, including biodiversity, waste and water, may increase costs, require changes in how we operate and lead to negative stakeholder sentiment.

Our aspirations, targets and disclosures related to ESG matters expose us to numerous risks, including risks to our reputation and stock price In October 2021, Chevron announced an aspiration to achieve net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions in Upstream by 2050. The company also has set nearer-term GHG emission-related targets for zero routine flaring, upstream carbon intensity, portfolio carbon intensity, and refining carbon intensity. These aspirations, targets or objectives reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our efforts to accomplish and accurately report on these goals and objectives present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks, any of which could have a material negative impact, including on our reputation and stock price.  

Our ability to achieve any aspiration, target or objective, including with respect to climate-related initiatives, our new lower carbon strategy outlined in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, pages 32 through 34, and any lower carbon new energy businesses, is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include: (1) the continuing progress of commercially viable technologies and low- or non-carbon-based energy sources; (2) the granting of necessary permits by governing authorities; (3) the availability of cost-effective, verifiable carbon credits; (4) the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards; (5) evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures; (6) evolving standards for tracking and reporting on emissions and emission reductions and removals; (7) customers’ preferences and use of the company’s products or substitute products; and (8) actions taken by the company’s competitors in response to legislation and regulations. 

The standards for tracking and reporting on ESG matters are relatively new, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Our selection of disclosure frameworks that seek to align with various voluntary reporting standards may change from time to time and may result in a lack of comparative data from period to period. In addition, our processes and controls may not always align with evolving voluntary standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. 

Achievement of or efforts to achieve aspirations and targets such as the foregoing and future internal climate-related initiatives may increase costs, require purchase of carbon credits, or limit or impact the company’s business plans and financial results, potentially resulting in the reduction to the economic end-of-life of certain assets, an impairment of the associated net book value, among other material adverse impacts. Our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill such aspirations and targets or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have a negative impact on investor sentiment, ratings outcomes for evaluating the company’s approach to ESG matters, stock price, and cost of capital and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation, among other material adverse impacts.

GENERAL RISK FACTORS

Changes in management’s estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company’s consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance in any given period In preparing the company’s periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including its financial statements, Chevron’s management is required under applicable rules and regulations to make estimates and assumptions as of a specified date. These estimates and assumptions are based on management’s best estimates and experience as of that date and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty. Materially different results may occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. 

24

Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include impairments to property, plant and equipment and investments in affiliates; estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves; accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves; and measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Changes in estimates or assumptions or the information underlying the assumptions, such as changes in the company’s business plans, general market conditions, the pace of energy transition, or changes in the company’s outlook on commodity prices, could affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities or expenses.

## 2_Properties

Item 2. Properties

The location and character of the company’s crude oil and natural gas properties and its refining, marketing, transportation, and chemicals facilities are described beginning on page 3 under Item 1. Business. Information required by Subpart 1200 of Regulation S-K (“Disclosure by Registrants Engaged in Oil and Gas Producing Activities”) is also contained in Item 1 and in Tables I through VII on pages 97 through 109 and Note 18 Properties, Plant and Equipment.

## 3_LegalProceedings

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

The following is a description of legal proceedings that involve governmental authorities as a party and the company reasonably believes would result in $1.0 million or more of monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, under federal, state and local laws that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or primarily for the purpose of protecting the environment. 

As previously disclosed, the refinery in Pasadena, Texas acquired by Chevron on May 1, 2019 (Pasadena Refining System, Inc. and PRSI Trading LLC) has multiple outstanding Notices of Violation (NOVs) that were issued by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality related to air emissions at the refinery. The Pasadena refinery is currently negotiating a resolution of the NOVs with the Texas Attorney General. Resolution of these alleged violations is expected to result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.

As previously disclosed, the California Department of Conservation, California Geologic Energy Management Division (CalGEM) (previously known as the Division of Oil, Gas and Geothermal Resources) promulgated revised rules pursuant to the Underground Injection Control program that took effect April 1, 2019. Subsequent to that date, CalGEM issued NOVs and two orders to Chevron related to seeps that occurred in the Cymric Oil Field in Kern County, California. An October 2, 2019 CalGEM order seeks a civil penalty of approximately $2.7 million. Chevron has filed an appeal of this order. Chevron is currently in discussions with CalGEM to explore a global settlement to resolve the order and all past and present seeps in the Cymric Field, which would increase the amount of penalty paid.

As previously disclosed, the United States Department of Justice and the United States Environmental Protection Agency notified Noble Energy, Inc., Noble Midstream Partners LP and Noble Midstream Services, LLC of potential penalties for alleged Clean Water Act violations at two facilities in Weld County, Colorado relating to a 2014 flood event and requirements for a Spill Prevention and Countermeasures Plan and Facility Response Plan. The parties have negotiated a resolution of these issues with the agencies, which was approved by the U.S. District Court, District of Colorado on September 28, 2021. Resolution of these alleged violations resulted in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million on October 26, 2021.

Please see information related to other legal proceedings in Note 16 Litigation.

## 5_MarketForRegistrants

Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The company’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (trading symbol: CVX). As of February 10, 2022, stockholders of record numbered approximately 109,000. There are no restrictions on the company’s ability to pay dividends. The information on Chevron’s dividends are contained in the Quarterly Results tabulations on page 54. 

Chevron Corporation Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for Quarter Ended December 31, 2021 

Total NumberAverageTotal Number of SharesApproximate Dollar Values of Shares that

of SharesPrice PaidPurchased as Part of PubliclyMay Yet be Purchased Under the Program 

Period Purchased 1,2

per Share Announced Program (Billions of dollars) 2

October 1 – October 31, 20211,998,279$109.201,997,367$18.7

November 1 – November 30, 20212,759,499$114.352,757,758$18.4

December 1 – December 31, 20211,861,236$116.381,860,752$18.2

Total October 1 – December 31, 20216,619,014$113.366,615,877

1Includes common shares repurchased from participants in the company's deferred compensation plans for personal income tax withholdings.

2Refer to “Liquidity and Capital Resources” on page 44 for additional detail regarding the company's authorized stock repurchase program.

## 7_MDA

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The index to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is presented on page 31.

## 7A_QuantitativeQualitativeMarketRisk

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

The company’s discussion of interest rate, foreign currency and commodity price market risk is contained in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — “Financial and Derivative Instrument Market Risk,” beginning on page 47 and in Note 10 Financial and Derivative Instruments.

## 8_FinancialStatements

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data is presented on page 31.

## 9A_ControlsAndProcedures

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The company’s management has evaluated, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2021.

(b) Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The company’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on the results of this evaluation, the company’s management concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2021. 

The effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report included herein.

26

(c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting During the quarter ended December 31, 2021, there were no changes in the company’s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the company’s internal control over financial reporting.
