# Chevron Corporation (CVX) — 10-K Annual Report (2024)

- Ticker: CVX
- Company: Chevron Corporation
- Sector: energy
- Filing year: 2024
- Filing date: 2024-02-26
- Accession number: 0000093410-24-000013

---

## 1_Business

Item 1. Business

General Development of Business

Summary Description of Chevron 

Chevron Corporation,* a Delaware corporation, manages its investments in subsidiaries and affiliates and provides administrative, financial, management and technology support to U.S. and international subsidiaries that engage in integrated energy and chemicals operations. Upstream operations consist primarily of exploring for, developing, producing and transporting crude oil and natural gas; processing, liquefaction, transportation and regasification associated with liquefied natural gas; transporting crude oil by major international oil export pipelines; transporting, storage and marketing of natural gas; carbon capture and storage, and a gas-to-liquids plant. Downstream operations consist primarily of refining crude oil into petroleum products; marketing of crude oil, refined products, and lubricants; manufacturing and marketing of renewable fuels; transporting crude oil and refined products by pipeline, marine vessel, motor equipment and rail car; and manufacturing and marketing of commodity petrochemicals, plastics for industrial uses and fuel and lubricant additives.

A list of the company’s significant subsidiaries is presented in Exhibit 21.1.

Overview of Petroleum Industry 

Petroleum industry operations and profitability are influenced by many factors. Prices for crude oil, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, petroleum products and petrochemicals are generally determined by supply and demand. Production levels from the members of Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), Russia and the United States are the major factors in determining worldwide supply. Demand for crude oil and its products and for natural gas is largely driven by the conditions of local, national and global economies, although weather patterns, the pace of energy transition and taxation relative to other energy sources also play a significant part. Laws and governmental policies, particularly in the areas of taxation, energy and the environment, affect where and how companies invest, conduct their operations, select feedstocks, and formulate their products and, in some cases, limit their profits directly.

Strong competition exists in all sectors of the petroleum and petrochemical industries in supplying the energy, fuel and chemical needs of industry and individual consumers. In the upstream business, Chevron competes with fully integrated, major global petroleum companies, as well as independent and national petroleum companies, for the acquisition of crude oil and natural gas leases and other properties and for the equipment and labor required to develop and operate those properties. In its downstream business, Chevron competes with fully integrated, major petroleum companies, as well as independent refining and marketing, transportation and chemicals entities and national petroleum companies in the refining, manufacturing, sale and marketing of fuels, lubricants, additives and petrochemicals. 

Operating Environment 

Refer to Business Environment and Outlook of this Form 10-K in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the company’s current business environment and outlook.

Chevron’s Strategic Direction

Chevron’s strategy is to leverage our strengths to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world. Our objective is to safely deliver higher returns, lower carbon and superior shareholder value in any business environment. We are building on our capabilities, assets and customer relationships as we aim to lead in lower carbon intensity oil, products and natural gas, as well as advance new products and solutions that reduce the carbon emissions of major industries. We aim to grow our oil and gas business, lower the carbon intensity of our operations and grow lower carbon businesses in renewable fuels, carbon capture and offsets, hydrogen and other emerging technologies.

Information about the company is available on the company’s website at www.chevron.com. Information contained on the company’s website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on the company’s website soon after such reports are filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The reports are also available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.

________________________________________________________

* Incorporated in Delaware in 1926 as Standard Oil Company of California, the company adopted the name Chevron Corporation in 1984 and ChevronTexaco Corporation in 2001. In 2005, ChevronTexaco Corporation changed its name to Chevron Corporation. As used in this report, the term “Chevron” and such terms as “the company,” “the corporation,” “our,” “we,” “us” and "its" may refer to Chevron Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or all of them taken as a whole, but unless stated otherwise they do not include “affiliates” of Chevron — i.e., those companies accounted for by the equity method (generally owned 50 percent or less) or non-equity method investments. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs. 

Human Capital Management 

Chevron invests in its workforce and culture, with the objective of engaging employees to develop their full potential to deliver energy solutions and enable human progress. The company hires, develops, and strives to retain a diverse workforce of high-performing talent, and fosters a culture that values diversity, inclusion and employee engagement.

The Chevron Way explains the company’s beliefs, vision, purpose and values. It guides how the company’s employees work and establishes a common understanding of culture and aspirations.

Chevron leadership is accountable for the company’s investment in people and the company’s culture. This includes reviews of metrics addressing critical function hiring, leadership development, retention, diversity and inclusion, and employee engagement.

The following table summarizes the number of Chevron employees by gender, where data is available, and by region as of December 31, 2023.  

At December 31, 2023

FemaleMaleGender data not available*

Total Employees

Number of EmployeesPercentageNumber of EmployeesPercentageNumber of EmployeesPercentageNumber of EmployeesPercentage

Non-Service Station Employees

U.S.5,713 26 %15,905 74 %20 — %21,638 47 %

Other Americas1,122 29 %2,740 71 %12 — %3,874 8 %

Africa611 16 %3,209 84 %3 — %3,823 8 %

Asia2,550 36 %4,608 64 %16 — %7,174 16 %

Australia562 26 %1,574 74 %4 — %2,140 5 %

Europe442 28 %1,102 71 %19 1 %1,563 3 %

Total Non-Service Station Employees11,000 27 %29,138 72 %74 — %40,212 88 %

Service Station Employees2,392 44 %2,011 37 %985 18 %5,388 12 %

Total Employees13,392 29 %31,149 68 %1,059 2 %45,600 100 %

* Includes employees where gender data was not collected or employee chose not to disclose gender.

Hiring, Development and Retention

The company’s approach to attracting, developing and retaining a global, diverse workforce of high-performing talent is anchored in a long-term employment model that fosters an environment of personal growth and engagement. The company’s philosophy is to offer compelling career opportunities and a competitive total compensation and benefits package linked to individual and enterprise performance. The company recruits new employees in part through partnerships with universities and diversity associations. In addition, the company recruits experienced hires to provide specialized skills.

Chevron’s learning and development programs are designed to help employees achieve their full potential by building technical, operating and leadership capabilities. The company’s leadership regularly reviews metrics on employee training and development programs, which are refined on an ongoing basis to meet the needs of our business. The company invests in developing leadership at every level, including coaching programs for frontline supervisors, managers and individual contributors.  

In addition, leadership regularly reviews the talent pipeline, identifies and develops succession candidates, and builds succession plans for key positions. The Board of Directors provides oversight of CEO and executive succession planning. 

Management routinely reviews the retention of its professional population, which includes executives, all levels of management, and the majority of its regular employee population. The voluntary attrition for this population in 2023 was 2.9 percent, a decrease from five-year historical rates. The voluntary attrition rate generally excludes employee departures under restructuring programs. Chevron believes its low voluntary attrition rate is in part a result of the company’s commitment to employee development, its long-term employment model, competitive pay and benefits, and its culture.

Diversity and Inclusion

Chevron believes human ingenuity has the power to solve difficult problems when diverse people, ideas and experiences come together in an inclusive environment. 

Chevron also believes inclusive leadership development enhances performance and innovation. To that end, the company offers numerous leadership development programs, such as the Global Women’s Leadership Development Program and Transformational Leadership for Multicultural Women, which are designed to provide forums for discussion of potential headwinds, promote professional growth, and foster a more inclusive work environment. 

The company also strives to build an inclusive environment through innovative programs such as the company’s MARC (Men Advocating Real Change) program launched in 2017, in partnership with the non-profit organization Catalyst, which is designed to facilitate discussions on gender equity in the workplace. MARC is active in over 35 Chevron locations on six continents around the world, with over 5,000 participants since inception. The success and impact of MARC led to the creation of Elevate in 2020, a program that seeks to take the inclusion dialogue beyond gender.  

The company has 11 employee networks (voluntary groups of employees and allies that come together based on shared identity or interests) and a Chairman’s Inclusion Council, which provides the employee network presidents with a direct line of communication to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer, the Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer, and the executive leadership team to collaborate and discuss how employee networks can reinforce the company’s values of diversity and inclusion.  Across many of its selection processes, the company continues to use specially trained company leaders as inclusion counselors, who help challenge group think and unconscious biases and provide outside perspectives when hiring for a position. 

The company also aims to support a diverse and inclusive supply chain that is reflective of the communities where we operate. We believe that a diverse supply chain contributes to our success and growth.  The company maintains long-standing partnerships with non-profit organizations, including the National Minority Supplier Development Council, Women’s Business Enterprise National Council, National LGBT Chamber of Commerce and Disability:IN, that have helped many diverse businesses grow.

Employee Engagement 

Employee engagement is an indicator of employee well-being and commitment to the company’s values, purpose and strategies. The company regularly conducts employee surveys to assess the health of the company’s culture. The company’s survey frequency enables the company to understand employee sentiment throughout the year and gain insights into employee well-being. Our surveys indicate high levels of employee engagement.  

Chevron prioritizes the health, safety and well-being of its employees. The company’s safety culture empowers every member of its workforce to exercise stop-work authority without repercussion to address any potential unsafe work conditions. The company has set clear expectations for leaders to deliver operational excellence by prioritizing the safety and health of its workforce, and the protection of communities, the environment and the company’s assets. Additionally, the company offers long-standing employee support programs such as Ombuds, an independent resource designed to equip employees with options to address and resolve workplace issues; a company hotline, where employees can report concerns to the Corporate Compliance department; and an Employee Assistance Program, a confidential consulting service that can help employees resolve a broad range of personal, family and work-related concerns. 

5


Description of Business and Properties

The upstream and downstream activities of the company and its equity affiliates are widely dispersed geographically, with operations and projects* in North America, South America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia. These activities are managed by the Oil, Products and Gas organization. Tabulations of segment sales and other operating revenues, earnings, assets, and income taxes for the three years ending December 31, 2023, and assets as of the end of 2023 and 2022 — for the United States and the company’s international geographic areas — are in Note 14 Operating Segments and Geographic Data to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Similar comparative data for the company’s investments in and income from equity affiliates and property, plant and equipment are in Note 15 Investments and Advances and Note 18 Property, Plant and Equipment. Refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the company’s Capital Expenditures. 

Upstream 

Reserves 

Refer to Table V for a tabulation of the company’s proved reserves by geographic area, at the beginning of 2021 and at each year-end from 2021 through 2023. Reserves governance, technologies used in establishing proved reserves additions, and major changes to proved reserves by geographic area for the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, are summarized in the discussion for Table V. Discussion is also provided regarding the nature of, status of, and planned future activities associated with the development of proved undeveloped reserves. The company recognizes reserves for projects with various development periods, sometimes exceeding five years. The external factors that impact the duration of a project include scope and complexity, remoteness or adverse operating conditions, infrastructure constraints, and contractual limitations.

At December 31, 2023, 38 percent of the company’s net proved oil-equivalent reserves were located in the United States, 15 percent were located in Australia and 13 percent were located in Kazakhstan.

The net proved reserve balances at the end of each of the three years 2021 through 2023 are shown in the following table: 

At December 31

202320222021

Crude Oil, Condensate and Synthetic Oil  — Millions of barrels

Consolidated Companies3,770 3,868 3,821 

Affiliated Companies1,007 1,129 1,254 

Total Crude Oil, Condensate and Synthetic Oil4,777 4,997 5,075 

Natural Gas Liquids  — Millions of barrels

Consolidated Companies1,138 1,002 935 

Affiliated Companies91 86 103 

Total Natural Gas Liquids1,229 1,088 1,038 

Natural Gas — Billions of cubic feet

Consolidated Companies28,318 28,765 28,314 

Affiliated Companies2,063 2,099 2,594 

Total Natural Gas30,381 30,864 30,908 

Oil-Equivalent — Millions of barrels*

Consolidated Companies9,628 9,664 9,475 

Affiliated Companies1,441 1,565 1,789 

Total Oil-Equivalent11,069 11,229 11,264 

* Oil-equivalent conversion ratio is 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas = 1 barrel of crude oil.

________________________________________________________

*    As used in this report, the term “project” may describe new upstream development activity, individual phases in a multiphase development, maintenance activities, certain existing assets, new investments in downstream and chemicals capacity, investments in emerging and sustainable energy activities, and certain other activities. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of the term “project” as it relates to any specific governmental law or regulation.

6


Average Sales Prices and Production Costs per Unit of Production 

Refer to Table IV for the company’s average sales price per barrel of crude (including crude oil and condensate) and natural gas liquids (NGLs) and per thousand cubic feet of natural gas produced, and the average production cost per oil-equivalent barrel for 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

Gross and Net Productive Wells 

The following table summarizes gross and net productive wells at year-end 2023 for the company and its affiliates: 

At December 31, 2023

Productive Oil Wells1

Productive Gas Wells1

Gross Net Gross Net 

United States36,547 26,111 2,731 2,092 

Other Americas1,231 741 284 189 

Africa1,645 643 47 18 

Asia1,910 855 1,366 414 

Australia532 299 114 31 

Europe28 5 — — 

Total Consolidated Companies41,893 28,654 4,542 2,744 

Affiliates2

1,608 586 — — 

Total Including Affiliates43,501 29,240 4,542 2,744 

Multiple completion wells included above685 379 147 115 

1 Gross wells represent the total number of wells in which Chevron has an ownership interest. Net wells represent the sum of Chevron’s ownership interest in gross wells.

2 Includes gross 1,354 and net 459 productive oil wells for interests accounted for by the non-equity method.

Production Outlook

The company estimates its average worldwide oil-equivalent production in 2024 to increase four to seven percent over 2023, assuming a Brent crude oil price of $80 per barrel and including expected asset sales. This estimate is subject to many factors and uncertainties, as described beginning on page 38. Refer to the Review of Ongoing Exploration and Production Activities in Key Areas for a discussion of the company’s major crude oil and natural gas development projects.

Acreage 

At December 31, 2023, the company owned or had under lease or similar agreements undeveloped and developed crude oil and natural gas properties throughout the world. The geographical distribution of the company’s acreage is shown in the following table:

Undeveloped2

Developed Developed and Undeveloped 

Thousands of acres1

Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net 

United States4,168 3,665 4,147 2,763 8,315 6,428 

Other Americas15,508 9,049 1,020 228 16,528 9,277 

Africa10,986 5,275 1,273 551 12,259 5,826 

Asia19,723 10,050 1,102 425 20,825 10,475 

Australia2,814 1,913 2,067 814 4,881 2,727 

Europe106 21 12 2 118 23 

Total Consolidated Companies53,305 29,973 9,621 4,783 62,926 34,756 

Affiliates3

694 288 110 50 804 338 

Total Including Affiliates53,999 30,261 9,731 4,833 63,730 35,094 

1  Gross acres represent the total number of acres in which Chevron has an ownership interest. Net acres represent the sum of Chevron’s ownership interest in gross acres.

2  The gross undeveloped acres that will expire in 2024, 2025 and 2026 if production is not established by certain required dates are 3,333, 394, and 676, respectively.

3  Includes gross 405 and net 143 undeveloped and gross 19 and net 5 developed acreage for interests accounted for by the non-equity method.

7


Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas 

The following table summarizes the net production of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas for 2023 and 2022 by the company and its affiliates. Worldwide oil-equivalent production of 3.1 million barrels per day in 2023 was up approximately 4 percent from 2022, mainly due to the acquisition of PDC Energy, Inc. (PDC), and production growth in the Permian Basin. Refer to the Results of Operations section for a detailed discussion of the factors explaining the changes in production for liquids (including crude oil, condensate, NGLs and synthetic oil) and natural gas, and refer to Table V for information on annual production by geographical region.

Components of Oil-Equivalent

Oil-EquivalentCrude OilNatural Gas LiquidsNatural Gas

Thousands of barrels per day (MBD)(MBD)1

(MBD)2

(MBD)(MMCFD)

Millions of cubic feet per day (MMCFD)20232022202320222023202220232022

United States1,349 1,181 710 650 287 238 2,112 1,758 

Other Americas 

Argentina

43 40 37 35 — — 36 34 

Canada3

132 139 109 109 5 7 110 135 

Total Other Americas175 179 146 144 5 7 146 169 

Africa 

Angola

67 70 55 57 4 4 48 49 

Equatorial Guinea49 56 11 12 5 7 198 223 

Nigeria

147 152 104 101 5 6 227 266 

Republic of Congo

30 31 28 28 — 1 9 11 

Total Africa293 309 198 198 14 18 482 549 

Asia 

Bangladesh

104 118 3 2 — — 610 696 

China

30 28 9 10 — — 126 109 

Indonesia4

3 3 1 1 — — 11 18 

Israel95 101 1 1 — — 566 602 

Kazakhstan

45 40 26 24 — — 114 96 

Kurdistan Region of Iraq— 1 — 1 — — — — 

Myanmar

15 17 — — — — 87 94 

Partitioned Zone61 60 60 58 — — 6 7 

Thailand5

42 67 10 18 — — 192 298 

Total Asia395 435 110 115 — — 1,712 1,920 

Australia

 Australia488 482 40 42 2 — 2,678 2,643 

Total Australia488 482 40 42 2 — 2,678 2,643 

Europe 

United Kingdom14 14 12 13 — — 11 9 

Total Europe14 14 12 13 — — 11 9 

Total Consolidated Companies2,714 2,600 1,216 1,162 308 263 7,141 7,048 

Affiliates6

406 399 281 278 25 16 603 629 

Total Including Affiliates7

3,120 2,999 1,497 1,440 333 279 7,744 7,677 

1 Oil-equivalent conversion ratio is 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas = 1 barrel of crude oil.

2 Includes crude oil, condensate and synthetic oil.

3 Includes synthetic oil:

51 4551 45— — — — 

4 Indonesia Deepwater Assets were sold in 2023.

5 Chevron concessions expired in 2022.

6 Volumes represent Chevron’s share of production by affiliates, including Tengizchevroil in Kazakhstan and Angola LNG in Angola.

7 Volumes include natural gas consumed in operations of 596 million and 570 million cubic feet per day in 2023 and 2022, respectively. Total “as sold” natural gas volumes were 7,148 million and 7,107 million cubic feet per day for 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Delivery Commitments 

The company sells crude oil, NGLs and natural gas from its producing operations under a variety of contractual obligations. Most contracts generally commit the company to sell quantities based on production from specified properties, but some NGLs and natural gas sales contracts specify delivery of fixed and determinable quantities.

In the United States, the company is contractually committed to deliver approximately 31 million barrels of NGLs and 746 billion cubic feet of natural gas to third parties and affiliates from 2024 through 2026. The company believes it can 

8


satisfy these contracts through a combination of equity production from the company’s proved developed U.S. reserves and third-party purchases. These commitments are primarily based on contracts with indexed pricing terms. 

Outside the United States, the company is contractually committed to deliver a total of 2.9 trillion cubic feet of natural gas to third parties and affiliates from 2024 through 2026 from operations in Australia and Israel. The Australia sales contracts contain variable pricing formulas that generally reference the prevailing market price for crude oil, natural gas or other petroleum products at the time of delivery. The sales contracts for Israel contain formulas that generally reflect an initial base price subject to price indexation, Brent-linked or other, over the life of the contract. The company believes it can satisfy these contracts from quantities available from production of the company’s proved developed reserves in these countries.

Development Activities 

Refer to Table I for details associated with the company’s development expenditures and costs of proved property acquisitions for 2023, 2022 and 2021.

The following table summarizes the company’s net interest in productive and dry development wells completed in each of the past three years, and the status of the company’s development wells drilling at December 31, 2023. A “development well” is a well drilled within the known area of a crude oil or natural gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive. 

Wells Drilling*Net Wells Completed 

at 12/31/23202320222021

Gross Net Prod. Dry Prod. Dry Prod. Dry 

United States382 324 697 2 454 2 319 2 

Other Americas18 15 39 — 35 — 54 — 

Africa3 1 7 — 6 — 4 — 

Asia25 11 58 2 32 1 35 — 

Australia— — 3 — 1 — — — 

Europe1 — — — 1 — 1 — 

Total Consolidated Companies429 351 804 4 529 3 413 2 

Affiliates5 2 4 — 6 — 8 — 

Total Including Affiliates434 353 808 4 535 3 421 2 

* Gross wells represent the total number of wells in which Chevron has an ownership interest. Net wells represent the sum of Chevron’s ownership interest in gross wells.

Exploration Activities 

Refer to Table I for detail on the company’s exploration expenditures and costs of unproved property acquisitions for 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

The following table summarizes the company’s net interests in productive and dry exploratory wells completed in each of the last three years, and the number of exploratory wells drilling at December 31, 2023. “Exploratory wells” are wells drilled to find and produce crude oil or natural gas in unknown areas and include delineation and appraisal wells, which are wells drilled to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of crude oil or natural gas in another reservoir or to extend a known reservoir.

Wells Drilling*Net Wells Completed 

at 12/31/23202320222021

Gross Net Prod. Dry Prod. Dry Prod. Dry 

United States— — — 2 3 2 2 2 

Other Americas— — — — 1 1 — — 

Africa1 — — — 1 — — — 

Asia3 2 1 — 2 — — — 

Australia— — — — — — — — 

Europe— — — — — — — — 

Total Consolidated Companies4 2 1 2 7 3 2 2 

Affiliates— — — — — — — — 

Total Including Affiliates4 2 1 2 7 3 2 2 

* Gross wells represent the total number of wells in which Chevron has an ownership interest. Net wells represent the sum of Chevron’s ownership interest in gross wells.

9


Review of Ongoing Activities in Key Areas 

Chevron has exploration and production activities in many of the world’s major hydrocarbon basins. Chevron’s 2023 key upstream activities, some of which are also discussed in the section Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, are presented below. The comments include references to “total production” and “net production,” which are defined under “Production” in Exhibit 99.1. 

The discussion that follows references the status of proved reserves recognition for significant long-lead-time projects not on production as well as for projects recently placed on production. Reserves are not discussed for exploration activities or recent discoveries that have not advanced to a project stage, or for mature areas of production that do not have individual projects requiring significant levels of capital or exploratory investment. Projected start-up timing for nonoperated projects are per operator’s estimate.

United States

Upstream activities in the United States are primarily located in Texas, New Mexico, Colorado, California, and the Gulf of Mexico. Acreage for the United States can be found in the Acreage table. Net daily oil-equivalent production in the United States can be found in the Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas table.

As one of the largest producers in the Permian Basin, Chevron continues to develop its advantaged portfolio in west Texas and southeast New Mexico and is expected to achieve one million barrels of net oil-equivalent production per day in 2025. The asset is comprised of stacked formations enabling production from multiple geologic zones from single surface locations, staging the development for optimized capacity utilization of facilities and infrastructure. The company has implemented a factory development strategy utilizing multi-well pads to drill a series of horizontal wells that are subsequently completed using hydraulic fracture stimulation. This manufacturing-style process, combined with advantaged acreage holdings and technological advancements, have enabled productivity improvements across unique geological locations throughout the basin. Acreage transactions enabling longer laterals and the company’s diversified land assets via non-operated joint ventures and royalty positions have also contributed to higher returns in the Permian Basin. In August 2023, Chevron completed the acquisition of PDC, which added 25,000 net acres to our existing position in west Texas. In addition to ongoing emission reduction and water handling initiatives, a 50 percent joint venture solar power project in New Mexico became operational in 2023, with capacity to supply 20MW of renewable energy per day for nearby oil and gas operations. In 2023, Chevron’s net daily production in the Permian Basin averaged 359,000 barrels of crude oil, 205,000 barrels of NGLs and 1.3 billion cubic feet of natural gas. 

Chevron also holds approximately 72,000 net acres in the Haynesville Shale in east Texas. The company is evaluating strategic opportunities for these assets.

In Colorado, development is focused on the Denver-Julesburg (DJ) Basin. The company follows a factory development strategy utilizing multi-well pads to drill a series of horizontal wells that are subsequently completed using hydraulic fracture stimulation. It has also implemented facility design and electrification improvements to consolidate assets and remove facilities, which helped to reduce surface footprint and greenhouse gas emissions. In August 2023, Chevron completed the acquisition of PDC, which added 275,000 net acres that are largely adjacent to its existing operations. Following the acquisition, Chevron is now the largest oil and natural gas producer in the state with approximately 605,000 net acres in the DJ Basin. The company plans to optimize the combined acreage position to efficiently develop its resources. 

In 2023, Chevron’s net daily production in Colorado averaged 96,000 barrels of crude oil, 69,000 barrels of NGLs and 606 million cubic feet of natural gas. Chevron also has operations in Colorado’s Piceance Basin, as well as an acreage position in Wyoming.

In 2023, Chevron was one of the largest crude oil producers in California with an average net daily oil production of 77,000 barrels. Chevron owns and operates between 87 and 100 percent interests in six fields including Kern River, Cymric, Midway Sunset, San Ardo, Coalinga and Lost Hills.

During 2023, net daily production in the Gulf of Mexico averaged 170,000 barrels of crude oil, 11,000 barrels of NGLs and 97 million cubic feet of natural gas. Chevron is engaged in various operated and nonoperated exploration, development and production activities in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Chevron also holds nonoperated interests in several shelf fields.

Chevron has a 50 percent operated interest in the Jack Field, a 51 percent operated interest in the St. Malo Field and a 40.6 percent operated interest in the production host facility used for the joint development of both fields, all located in the 

10


Walker Ridge area. In 2023, an additional Jack well delivered first oil, and an additional St. Malo well delivered first oil in early 2024.  The St. Malo Stage 4 Waterflood project is expected to deliver first water injection and complete installation of multi-phase subsea pump modules in 2024. The Jack and St. Malo fields have an estimated remaining production life of more than 20 years.

Chevron has a 60 percent-owned and operated interest in the Big Foot project, located in the deepwater Walker Ridge area. Development drilling activities are ongoing with the first two injector wells online in 2023. The project has an estimated remaining production life of more than 30 years.

The company has a 58 percent-owned and operated interest in the deepwater Tahiti Field, located in the Green Canyon area. The Tahiti Field has an estimated remaining production life of more than 20 years.

Chevron has owned and operated interests of 62.9 to 75.4 percent in the unit areas containing the Anchor field, located in the Green Canyon area. Stage 1 of the Anchor development consists of a seven-well subsea development and a semi-submersible floating production unit. In 2023, Chevron completed the installation of the floating production unit and commenced final offshore commissioning activities. The company also drilled the second of two pre-drill development wells on the Anchor field.  Proved reserves have been recognized for Anchor, with first production expected in mid-2024.

Chevron has a 60 percent-owned and operated interest in the Ballymore Field located in the Mississippi Canyon area, which is being developed as a subsea tieback to the existing Chevron-operated Blind Faith facility.  The development includes three production wells, with first oil expected in 2025. Proved reserves have been recognized for this project. 

The company has a 15.6 percent nonoperated working interest in the deepwater Mad Dog Field, located in the Green Canyon area. First oil from the Mad Dog 2 Project was achieved in April 2023. The field has an estimated remaining production life of more than 30 years.

Chevron has a 37.5 percent nonoperated working interest in the Perdido Regional Host, which accommodates production from the Great White, Silvertip and Tobago fields in the Alaminos Canyon area. The Perdido asset has an estimated remaining production life of more than 15 years.

The company has a 40 percent nonoperated working interest in the Whale discovery located in the Alaminos Canyon area. First production is expected for Whale in late 2024, and proved reserves have been recognized for this project. 

Chevron has a 25 percent nonoperated working interest in the Stampede Field, which is located in the Green Canyon area. The Stampede Field has an estimated remaining production life of more than 20 years.

During 2023, Chevron was formally awarded 73 exploration blocks as a result of U.S. Gulf of Mexico lease sale 259 and has submitted winning bids on an additional 28 exploration blocks as a result of U.S. Gulf of Mexico lease sale 261, subject to government approval.

In March 2023, the Bayou Bend Carbon Capture and Sequestration hub, in which Chevron holds a 50 percent interest and serves as the operator, increased its holdings by 100,000 acres in onshore southeast Texas. This brings total acreage of the affiliate to nearly 140,000 acres supporting permanent carbon dioxide (CO2) sequestration.

In September 2023, Chevron acquired a majority interest in ACES Delta, LLC, a joint venture developing the Advanced Clean Energy Storage (ACES Delta) Project in Delta, Utah. The project, currently under construction, is designed to produce hydrogen made from renewable energy, store that hydrogen in two salt caverns and deliver it as needed to hydrogen-capable gas turbines to generate power. Start-up of the ACES Delta Project is expected in 2025. 

Other Americas

“Other Americas” includes Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Mexico, Suriname and Venezuela. Acreage for “Other Americas” can be found in the Acreage table. Net daily oil-equivalent production from these countries can be found in the Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas table.

Argentina Chevron has a 50 percent nonoperated interest in the Loma Campana and Narambuena concessions in the Vaca Muerta shale. At Loma Compana, 41 horizontal wells were drilled in 2023, with 44 wells in total put on production. This concession expires in 2048, and the Narambuena concession expires in 2027.

Chevron owns and operates a 100 percent interest in the El Trapial Field with conventional waterflood. The conventional field concession expires in 2032. Chevron also owns and operates a 100 percent interest in the east area of the El Trapial 

11


Field in the Vaca Muerta shale formation for unconventional development. In 2023, Chevron continued development on its unconventional resources with one drilling rig.  The unconventional concession expires in 2057.

Brazil Chevron holds between 35 and 50 percent of both operated and nonoperated interests in four Blocks within the Campos and Santos Basin, following the relinquishment of seven Blocks in 2023 to the government. Chevron submitted winning bids for 15 additional exploration blocks in the South Santos and Pelotas basins in the December 2023 bid round, with contracts expected to be signed in 2024.

Canada Upstream interests in Canada are concentrated in Alberta and the offshore Atlantic region of Newfoundland and Labrador. The company also has interests in the Northeast British Columbia and the Beaufort Sea region of the Northwest Territories. 

The company has a 20 percent nonoperated working interest in the Athabasca Oil Sands Project (AOSP) and associated Quest carbon capture and storage project in Alberta. Oil sands are mined from both the Muskeg River and the Jackpine mines, and bitumen is extracted from the oil sands and upgraded into synthetic oil. CO2 emissions from the upgrader are reduced by carbon capture and storage facilities.

Chevron has a 70 percent-owned and operated interest in most of its Duvernay shale acreage. By the end of 2023, a total of 261 wells have been tied into production facilities. The company will commence marketing its interest in these assets in 2024. 

Chevron has a 26.9 percent nonoperated working interest in the Hibernia Field and a 24.1 percent nonoperated working interest in the unitized Hibernia Southern Extension areas offshore Atlantic Canada. The company  has a 29.6 percent nonoperated working interest in the heavy oil Hebron Field, also offshore Atlantic Canada, which has an expected remaining economic life of 25 years.

The company has a 25 percent nonoperated working interest in blocks EL 1168 and EL 1148 located in offshore Atlantic Canada.

Colombia Chevron has a 40 percent-owned and operated interest in the offshore Colombia-3 and Guajira Offshore-3 Blocks. Chevron has initiated the relinquishment of Guajira Offshore-3 Block to the government, which is expected to complete in 2024.

Mexico All blocks in which Chevron has a participating interest are in the process of being relinquished to the government.

Suriname Chevron has a 60 percent-owned and operated working interest in Block 5 and an 80 percent owned and operated interest in the shallow water Block 7. Chevron also holds a 33.3 percent nonoperated working interest in deepwater Block 42.

Venezuela Chevron’s interests in Venezuela are located in western Venezuela, the Orinoco Belt and offshore Venezuela. As of December 31, 2023, no proved reserves are recognized for these interests. In 2023, the company conducted activities in Venezuela consistent with the authorization provided pursuant to general licenses issued by the United States government. 

Chevron has a 39.2 percent interest in Petroboscan, which operates the Boscan Field in western Venezuela as well as a 25.2 percent interest in Petroindependiente, which operates the LL-652 Field in Lake Maracaibo. Both licenses were extended in 2023 from 2026 to 2041. Chevron has a 30 percent interest in Petropiar, which operates the heavy oil Huyapari Field under an agreement expiring in 2033 and a 35.8 percent interest in Petroindependencia, which includes the Carabobo 3 heavy oil project located in three blocks in the Orinoco Belt under a contract expiring in 2035. 

Chevron also operates and holds a 60 percent interest in the Loran gas field offshore Venezuela. This is part of a cross- border field that includes the Manatee field in Trinidad and Tobago. This license expires in 2039.

Africa

In Africa, the company is engaged in upstream activities in Angola, the Republic of Congo (ROC), Cameroon, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Namibia and Nigeria. Acreage for Africa can be found in the Acreage table. Net daily oil-equivalent production from these countries can be found in the Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas table.

Angola The company operates and holds a 39.2 percent interest in Block 0, a concession adjacent to the Cabinda coastline. In May 2023, the extension for this Block was fully approved until 2050.  The Block 0 Sanha Lean Gas Connection Project 

12


(SLGC) execution continues and is expected to be completed in 2024. SLGC is a new platform that ties the existing complex to new connecting pipelines for gathering and exporting gas from Blocks 0 and 14 to Angola LNG. 

In August 2023, construction started at the South N’Dola project located in Area B of Block 0. Fabrication is ongoing, and first oil is expected in fourth quarter 2025.

Chevron also operates and holds a 31 percent interest in a production sharing contract (PSC) for deepwater Block 14 which expires in 2028.  

Chevron has a 36.4 percent shareholding in Angola LNG Limited, which operates an onshore natural gas liquefaction plant in Soyo, Angola. The plant has the capacity to process 1.1 billion cubic feet of natural gas per day. This is the world’s first liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant supplied with associated gas, where the natural gas is a byproduct of crude oil production. Feedstock for the plant originates from multiple fields and operators. 

Chevron owns a 31 percent nonoperated working interest in the New Gas Consortium Project (NGC). NGC is an offshore gas concession in which the Quiluma and Maboqueiro (Q&M) fields will be the first to be developed with first production expected in 2026. The Q&M development includes two wellhead platforms and an onshore gas treatment plant with connections to the Angola LNG plant.  Proved reserves have not been recognized for this project.

Angola-Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) Joint Development Area In December 2023, Chevron signed a production sharing agreement (PSA) with the Angola and DRC governments to explore Block 14/23 located in the Zone of Common Interest established between the Republic of Angola and DRC maritime area. Chevron has a 31 percent-owned and operated working interest under the PSA.

Angola-Republic of Congo Joint Development Area Chevron operates and holds a 31.25 percent interest in the Lianzi Unitization Zone (Lianzi), which is located in an area shared equally by Angola and the ROC. This interest expires in 2031. In June 2023, the company initiated the process to sell its interest in the ROC portion of Lianzi, while retaining the Angolan portion.

Republic of Congo In June 2023, the company initiated the process to sell its 31.5 percent nonoperated interest in the offshore Haute Mer permit area. The Haute Mer permits of Nkossa, Nsoko and Moho-Bilondo expire in 2040.

Cameroon Chevron has a 100 percent interest in the YoYo Block in the Douala Basin. Preliminary development plans include a possible joint development between YoYo and the Yolanda field located in Equatorial Guinea Block I. 

Egypt In the Mediterranean Sea, Chevron holds a 63 percent-owned and operated interest in North Sidi Barrani (Block 2) and North El Dabaa (Block 4) and a 45 percent interest in the Nargis block, as well as a 27 percent nonoperated working interest in both North Marina (Block 6) and North Cleopatra (Block 7). In 2023, the company successfully completed its first exploration well in the Nargis Offshore area. In the Red Sea, the company holds a 45 percent-owned and operated interest in Block 1.

Equatorial Guinea Chevron has a 38 percent-owned and operated interest in the Aseng and the Yolanda fields in Block I and a 45 percent-owned and operated interest in the Alen Field in Block O.

The company also holds a 32 percent nonoperated interest in the Alba Field, a 28 percent nonoperated interest in the Alba LPG Plant and a 45 percent interest in the Atlantic Methanol Production Company.

Namibia Chevron has an 80 percent-owned and operated interest in PEL90 (Block 2813B) in the Orange Basin, offshore Namibia. Chevron acquired a 3-D seismic survey in 2023 and is assessing the exploration potential of this Block. 

Nigeria Chevron operates and holds a 40 percent interest in six concessions, five operated and one nonoperated in the onshore and near-offshore regions of the Niger Delta. The company also holds acreage positions in four operated and six nonoperated deepwater blocks, with working interests ranging from 20 to 100 percent. 

Chevron operates and holds a 67.3 percent interest in the Agbami field, located in deepwater Oil Mining Lease (OML) 127 and OML 128. OML 127 expires in 2024 and OML 128 expires in 2042.  In 2023, Chevron executed relevant agreements for the conversion of OML 127 to Petroleum Mining Leases and Petroleum Prospecting Licenses under the Petroleum Industry Act 2021. Additionally, Chevron holds a 30 percent nonoperated working interest in the Usan field in OML 138 that expires in 2042. 

In deepwater exploration, Chevron operates and holds a 55 percent interest, in both the deepwater Nsiko discoveries in OML 140. Chevron also holds a 27 percent nonoperated interest in OML 139 and OML 154 and the company continues to work with the operator to evaluate development options for the multiple deepwater discoveries in the Usan area, including 

13


the Owowo field, which straddles OML 139 and OML 154. The development plan for the Owowo field involves a subsea tie-back to the existing Usan floating, production, storage and offloading vessel.

Also, in the deepwater area, the Aparo field in OML 132 and OML 140 and the third-party-owned Bonga South West field in OML 118 share a common geologic structure and would be developed jointly. Chevron holds a 16.6 percent nonoperated working interest in the unitized area. The development plan involves subsea wells tied back to a floating production, storage and offloading vessel. At the end of 2023, no proved reserves were recognized for this project.

In 2023, Chevron acquired a 40 percent-owned and operated interest of Oil Prospecting License (OPL) 215 that covers 618,000 acres. A new 3-D seismic survey is in the process of being acquired over this exploration block to assess its potential.

Chevron is the operator of the Escravos Gas Plant with a total processing capacity of 680 million cubic feet per day of natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas and condensate export capacity of 58,000 barrels per day. The company operates the 33,000-barrel-per-day Escravos Gas to Liquids facility. In addition, the company holds a 36.9 percent interest in the West African Gas Pipeline Company Limited affiliate, which supplies Nigerian natural gas to customers in Benin, Togo and Ghana.

Asia

In Asia, the company is engaged in upstream activities in Bangladesh, China, Cyprus, Indonesia, Israel, Kazakhstan, Kurdistan Region of Iraq, Myanmar, the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, Russia and Thailand. Acreage for Asia can be found in the Acreage table. Net daily oil-equivalent production for these countries can be found in the Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas table. 

Bangladesh Chevron Bangladesh operates and holds 100 percent interest in Block 12 (Bibiyana field) and Blocks 13 and 14 (Jalalabad and Moulavi Bazar fields) under two PSCs. The rights to produce from Jalalabad expire in 2034, from Moulavi Bazar in 2038 and from Bibiyana in 2034. In 2023, drilling commenced on an appraisal well in the Bibiyana Field.

China Chevron has nonoperated working interests in several areas in China. The company has a 49 percent nonoperated working interest in the Chuandongbei project, including the Loujiazhai and Gunziping natural gas fields located onshore in the Sichuan Basin. The company also has nonoperated working interests of 32.7 percent in Block 16/19 in the Pearl River Mouth Basin and 24.5 percent in the Qinhuangdao (QHD) 32-6 Block in the Bohai Bay. The PSCs for Block 16/19 and QHD 32-6 expire in 2028 and 2024, respectively.

Cyprus The company holds a 35 percent-owned and operated interest in the Aphrodite gas field in Block 12 under a PSC, with an exploitation license that expires in 2044. In July 2023, an appraisal well was completed, confirming estimates related to size and scope of the gas deposit. An optimized development plan is currently under discussion with the government of Cyprus.

Indonesia In October 2023, Chevron closed the sale of its 62 percent interest in two PSCs in the Kutei Basin (Rapak and Ganal) and its 72 percent interest in the Makassar Strait PSC. 

Israel Chevron holds a 39.7 percent-owned and operated interest in the Leviathan field, which operates under a concession that expires in 2044. In July 2023, Chevron announced a final investment decision to install a third gathering pipeline that is expected to increase gas production capacity from approximately 1.2 to nearly 1.4 billion cubic feet per day from the Leviathan reservoir. Proved reserves were recognized for this project, which is scheduled for completion in 2025. Chevron is evaluating expansion options to further monetize gas resources at Leviathan, including opportunities via existing and planned regional infrastructure as well as potential avenues for entry into the global LNG market. 

The company also holds a 25 percent-owned and operated interest in the Tamar gas field, which operates under a concession that expires in 2038. Phase 1 of the Tamar Optimization Project includes installation of a new pipeline to increase delivery capacity to the processing platform, allowing for production at the platform to increase from approximately 1 to 1.2 billion cubic feet per day. This project is scheduled for completion in 2025. Chevron reached final investment decision on Phase 2 of the project in February 2024, which is expected to further increase capacity to approximately 1.6 billion cubic feet of gas per day and includes investment in additional midstream infrastructure. In late 2023, Israel’s Ministry of Energy amended Chevron’s export permit to allow increased quantities to our customer in Egypt.  

Kazakhstan Chevron has a 50 percent interest in the Tengizchevroil (TCO) affiliate and an 18 percent nonoperated working interest in the Karachaganak field.

14


TCO is developing the Tengiz and Korolev crude oil fields in western Kazakhstan under a concession agreement that expires in 2033. Most of TCO’s 2023 crude oil production was exported through the Caspian Pipeline Consortium (CPC) pipeline.

In 2023, TCO achieved mechanical completion at the Future Growth Project (FGP). In first half 2024, the Wellhead Pressure Management Project (WPMP) is expected to begin field conversion of gathering stations to low pressure continuing through two major train turnarounds. FGP is expected to start-up during first half 2025 and ramp up to full production within three months. Proved reserves have been recognized for the FGP/WPMP. 

The Karachaganak field is located in northwest Kazakhstan, and operations are conducted under a PSC that expires in 2038. During 2023, a majority of the exported liquids were transported through the CPC pipeline, with the remaining shipped through diversified routes. Development continued on the Karachaganak Expansion Project Stage 1A and Stage 1B, which are expected to complete in second half 2024 and 2026, respectively. Proved reserves have been recognized for both projects. 

Kazakhstan/Russia Chevron has a 15 percent interest in the CPC. In January 2023, CPC announced that the debottlenecking project achieved mechanical completion which will enable increased throughput capacity for the start-up of FGP. CPC transported an average of 1.4 million barrels of crude oil per day, composed of 1.2 million barrels per day from Kazakhstan and 0.2 million barrels per day from Russia.

Kurdistan Region of Iraq  In 2023, the company relinquished its 50 percent nonoperated working interest in the Sarta PSC and the 40 percent nonoperated working interest in Qara Dagh PSC expired. Chevron expects an exit from the Kurdistan Region of Iraq in 2024 on execution of the final Relinquishment and Termination Agreements with the government.

Myanmar Chevron has a 41.1 percent nonoperated working interest in a PSC for the production of natural gas from the Yadana, Badamyar and Sein fields, within Blocks M5 and M6, in the Andaman Sea. The PSC expires in 2028. The company also has a 41.1 percent nonoperated working interest in a pipeline company that transports natural gas to the Myanmar-Thailand border for delivery to power plants in Thailand. 

In 2022, Chevron signed an agreement to sell the company’s interest in all Myanmar assets and plans to exit the country in 2024.

Partitioned Zone Chevron holds a concession to operate the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s 50 percent interest in the hydrocarbon resources in the onshore area of the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. The concession expires in 2046. Current activities focus on base business optimization and safely re-starting drilling activities. Drilling commenced on an exploration well in late 2023. 

Thailand Chevron holds operated interests in the Pattani Basin, located in the Gulf of Thailand, with ownership ranging from 35 percent to 71.2 percent. Concessions for producing areas within this basin expire between 2028 and 2035. Chevron has a 35 percent-owned and operated interest in the Pailin field in Block 12/27. Chevron also has a 16 percent nonoperated working interest in the Arthit field located in the Malay Basin. Concessions for the producing areas within this basin expire between 2036 and 2040. In May 2023, Chevron was awarded an exploration and production license for Block G2/65, which covers 3.7 million net acres.

Chevron holds between 30 to 80 percent operated and nonoperated working interests in the Thailand-Cambodia Overlapping Claims Area that are inactive, pending resolution of border issues between Thailand and Cambodia.

Australia

Chevron is the largest producer of LNG in Australia. Acreage can be found in the Acreage table. Net daily oil-equivalent production can be found in the Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas table.  

Upstream activities in Australia are concentrated offshore Western Australia, where the company is the operator of two major LNG projects, Gorgon and Wheatstone, and has a nonoperated working interest in the North West Shelf (NWS) Venture and exploration acreage in the Carnarvon Basin.

Chevron holds a 47.3 percent-owned and operated interest in Gorgon on Barrow Island, which includes the development of the Gorgon and Jansz-Io fields, a three-train 15.6 million-metric-ton-per-year LNG facility, a carbon capture and underground storage facility and a domestic gas plant. The Gorgon Stage 2 project achieved first gas in May 2023. Progress on the Jansz-Io Compression project continued during 2023 with first gas expected in 2027, and proved reserves have been recognized for this project. Gorgon’s estimated remaining economic life exceeds 40 years.

15


Chevron holds an 80.2 percent interest in the offshore licenses and a 64.1 percent-owned and operated interest in the LNG facilities associated with Wheatstone. Wheatstone includes the development of the Wheatstone and Iago fields, a two-train, 8.9 million-metric-ton-per-year LNG facility, and a domestic gas plant. The onshore facilities are located at Ashburton North on the coast of Western Australia. Wheatstone’s estimated remaining economic life exceeds 17 years.

Chevron has a 16.7 percent nonoperated working interest in the North West Shelf (NWS) Venture in Western Australia. The company continues to evaluate exploration and appraisal activity across the Carnarvon Basin, in which it holds more than 1.8 million net acres.

Chevron owns and operates the Clio, Acme and Acme West fields. The company is collaborating with other Carnarvon Basin participants to assess the possibility of developing Clio and Acme through shared utilization of existing infrastructure.

Chevron holds nonoperated working interests ranging from 20 to 50 percent, in three greenhouse gas assessment permits to evaluate the potential of carbon storage. The blocks, including two in the Carnarvon Basin off the northwestern coast of Western Australia and one in the Bonaparte Basin offshore Northern Territory, total nearly 7.8 million acres.

United Kingdom

Acreage can be found in the Acreage table. Net oil equivalent production for the United Kingdom can be found in the Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas table.  

Chevron holds a 19.4 percent nonoperated working interest in the Clair field, located west of the Shetland Islands. The Clair Ridge project is the second development phase of the Clair field, with a design capacity of 120,000 barrels of crude oil and 100 million cubic feet of natural gas per day. The Clair field has an estimated remaining production life extending beyond 2050.

Sales of Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas 

The company sells NGLs and natural gas from its producing operations under a variety of contractual arrangements. In addition, the company also makes third-party purchases and sales of NGLs and natural gas in connection with its supply and trading activities. 

U.S. and international sales of NGLs averaged 376,000 and 247,000 barrels per day, respectively, in 2023. 

During 2023, U.S. and international sales of natural gas averaged 4.7 billion and 6.0 billion cubic feet per day, respectively, which includes the company’s share of equity affiliates’ sales. Outside the United States, substantially all of the natural gas sales from the company’s producing interests are from operations in Angola, Australia, Bangladesh, Canada,  Equatorial Guinea, Kazakhstan, Indonesia, Israel, Nigeria and Thailand. 

Refer to Selected Operating Data in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for further information on the company’s sales volumes of NGLs and natural gas. Refer also to Delivery Commitments for information related to the company’s delivery commitments for the sale of crude oil and natural gas.

Downstream

Refining Operations

At the end of 2023, the company had a refining network capable of processing 1.8 million barrels per day. Operable capacity at December 31, 2023, and daily refinery inputs for the company and affiliate refineries for 2021 through 2023, are summarized in the table below. Average crude unit distillation capacity utilization was 89.8 percent in 2023 and 88.6 percent in 2022.  

At U.S. refineries, crude unit distillation capacity utilization, which includes all crude oil and other inputs, averaged 90.8 percent in 2023, compared with 87.3 percent in 2022. Chevron processes both imported and domestic crude oil in its U.S. refining operations. Imported crude oil accounted for about 60 percent of Chevron’s U.S. refinery inputs in both 2023 and 2022.

In the United States, the company continued work on projects aimed at improving refinery flexibility and reliability. In 2023, the Pasadena Refinery continued progress on a project that is expected to increase light crude oil throughput capacity to 125,000 barrels per day in 2024. This project is expected to allow the company to process more equity crude from the 

16


Permian Basin, supply more products to customers in the U.S. Gulf Coast and realize synergies with the company’s Pascagoula refinery. In July 2023, the Richmond refinery commenced making API Group III base oils. 

Outside the United States, the company has interests in three large refineries in Singapore, South Korea and Thailand. Singapore Refining Company (SRC), a 50 percent-owned joint venture, has a total capacity of 290,000 barrels of crude per day and manufactures a wide range of petroleum products. The 50 percent-owned GS Caltex (GSC) Yeosu Refinery in South Korea remains one of the world’s largest refineries with a total crude capacity of 800,000 barrels per day. The company’s 60.6 percent-owned refinery in Map Ta Phut, Thailand, continues to supply high-quality petroleum products into regional markets.

Petroleum Refineries: Locations, Capacities and Crude Oil Inputs

Capacities and inputs in thousands of barrels per dayDecember 31, 2023Refinery Crude Oil Inputs*

Locations Number Operable Capacity 202320222021

PascagoulaMississippi1 369 346 320 333 

El SegundoCalifornia1 290 226 248 233 

RichmondCalifornia1 257 225 167 211 

PasadenaTexas1 85 83 77 76 

Salt Lake CityUtah1 58 54 53 50 

Total Consolidated Companies — United States 5 1,059 934 865 903 

Map Ta PhutThailand1 175 153 156 135 

Total Consolidated Companies — International 1 175 153 156 135 

AffiliatesVarious Locations2 545 473 483 441 

Total Including Affiliates — International 3 720 626 639 576 

Total Including Affiliates — Worldwide 8 1.779 1,560 1,504 1,479 

*In addition to crude oil inputs, the company processed other feedstocks of 38, 72 and 58 thousand barrels per day in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Renewable Fuels

The company develops and produces renewable fuels, including but not limited to renewable diesel, renewable gasoline, biodiesel, sustainable aviation fuel and renewable natural gas (RNG).

In 2023, the El Segundo refinery in California successfully converted the diesel hydrotreater (DHT) to process 100 percent renewable feedstock. The DHT maintains flexibility to process either traditional or renewable feedstocks. El Segundo also produced sustainable aviation fuel and renewable gasoline blendstocks through renewable feed co-processing in the Fluid Catalytic Cracker. 

Chevron Renewable Energy Group, Inc. owns and operates 11 biofuel refineries located in the U.S. and Germany, 10 biofuel refineries producing biodiesel and one producing renewable diesel. Work at the Emden refinery in Germany to enhance feedstock flexibility was completed in 2023. Expansion work at the Geismar renewable diesel plant in Louisiana to increase production capacity from 7,000 to 22,000 barrels per day continues on schedule, with full operations expected in 2024.

Chevron holds a 50 percent working interest in Bunge Chevron Ag Renewables LLC, which produces soybean oil from processing facilities in Destrehan, Louisiana, and Cairo, Illinois. Soybean oil can be used as a renewable feedstock to make renewable diesel, biodiesel and sustainable aviation fuel. 

The company continues to advance its dairy biomethane activities with its joint venture partners, Brightmark Fund Holdings LLC (Brightmark) and California Bioenergy, LLC (CalBio). In 2023, Chevron’s joint venture with Brightmark achieved commercial operations on seven new anaerobic digestion dairy farm projects across Michigan, Florida and Arizona. Also, in California, construction began on seven new anaerobic digestion dairy farm projects jointly owned with CalBio. 

Chevron participates in the RNG value chain through its ownership of Beyond6, LLC and its nationwide network of 56 compressed natural gas stations.

17


Marketing Operations

The company markets petroleum products under the principal brands of “Chevron,” “Texaco” and “Caltex” throughout many parts of the world. The following table identifies the company’s and its affiliates’ refined products sales volumes, excluding intercompany sales, for the three years ended December 31, 2023.

Refined Products Sales Volumes

Thousands of barrels per day202320222021

United States

Gasoline1

642 639655

Jet Fuel260 212173

Diesel/Gas Oil1

227 216179

Fuel Oil44 5639

Other Petroleum Products2

114 10593

Total United States1,287 1,228 1,139 

International3

Gasoline353 336321

Jet Fuel234 196140

Diesel/Gas Oil1

472 464471

Fuel Oil161 168177

Other Petroleum Products2

225 222206

Total International 1,445 1,386 1,315 

Total Worldwide3 

2,732 2,614 2,454 

1 Includes products sold by Chevron Renewable Energy Group:

44 24—

2 Principally naphtha, lubricants, asphalt and coke. 

3 Includes share of affiliates’ sales: 

389 389357

 In the United States, the company markets primarily under the principal brands of “Chevron” and “Texaco”. At year-end 2023, the company supplied directly or through retailers and marketers approximately 8,300 Chevron- and Texaco-branded service stations, primarily in the southern and western states. Approximately 365 of these outlets are company-owned or -leased stations.

Outside the United States, Chevron supplied directly or through retailers and marketers approximately 5,600 branded service stations, including affiliates. The company markets in Latin America using the Texaco brand. In the Asia-Pacific region and the Middle East, the company uses the Caltex brand. In South Korea, the company operates through its 50 percent-owned affiliate, GSC. The rebranding project to transition service stations in Australia from Puma to the Caltex brand is expected to complete in 2024. 

Chevron markets commercial aviation fuel to 57 airports worldwide. The company also markets an extensive line of lubricant and coolant products under the product names Havoline, Delo, Ursa, Meropa, Rando, Clarity and Taro in the United States and worldwide under these three brands: Chevron, Texaco and Caltex.

Chemicals Operations 

Chevron Oronite Company develops, manufactures and markets performance additives for lubricating oils and fuels and conducts research and development for additive component and blended packages. At the end of 2023, the company manufactured, blended or conducted research at 11 locations around the world. 

Chevron owns a 50 percent interest in Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC (CPChem). CPChem produces olefins, polyolefins and alpha olefins and is a supplier of aromatics and polyethylene pipe, in addition to participating in the specialty chemical and specialty plastics markets.  At the end of 2023, CPChem owned or had joint-venture interests in 30 manufacturing facilities and two research and development centers around the world.

CPChem has two major integrated polymer projects under construction, the Golden Triangle Polymers Project in Orange, Texas, for which CPChem holds a 51 percent-owned and operated interest and the Ras Laffan Petrochemical Project in Ras Laffan, Qatar, for which CPChem holds a 30 percent nonoperated working interest. Start-up for both projects is targeted for 2026.

18


CPChem continued development of the Low Viscosity Poly Alpha Olefin Expansion Project at the CPChem Beringen, Belgium site, with a targeted startup in 2024. In 2023, CPChem completed several other projects at existing facilities in the U.S. Gulf Coast region, including: an Ethylene Plant Project in Cedar Bayou, Texas, a C3 Splitter Project in Cedar Bayou, Texas, and a 1-Hexene plant in Old Ocean, Texas. 

Chevron is also involved in the petrochemical business through the operations of GSC, the company’s 50 percent-owned affiliate in South Korea. GSC manufactures aromatics, including benzene, toluene and xylene. These base chemicals are used to produce a range of products, including adhesives, plastics and textile fibers. GSC also produces olefins such as ethylene, polyethylene and polypropylene, which are used to make automotive and home appliance parts, food packaging, laboratory equipment, building materials, adhesives, paint and textiles.

Transportation 

Pipelines Chevron owns and operates a network of crude oil, natural gas and product pipelines and other infrastructure assets in the United States. In addition, Chevron operates pipelines for its 50 percent-owned CPChem affiliate. The company also has direct and indirect interests in other U.S. and international pipelines. 

Refer to Nigeria and Kazakhstan/Russia in the Upstream section for information on the West African Gas Pipeline and the Caspian Pipeline Consortium. 

Shipping The company’s marine fleet includes both U.S. and foreign flagged vessels. The operated fleet consists of conventional crude tankers, product carriers and LNG vessels.  These vessels transport crude oil, LNG, refined products and feedstock in support of the company’s global upstream and downstream businesses.  In 2023, contracts were executed for construction of two additional LNG vessels, and an agreement was signed to retrofit four existing LNG vessels with technology to reduce their carbon intensity.

Chevron is a strategic partner of the Global Centre for Maritime Decarbonisation. This Singapore-based nonprofit supports cross-industry collaboration to help the International Maritime Organization meet its greenhouse gas emissions reduction goals for 2030 and 2050. 

Other Businesses 

Chevron Technical Center The company aims to scale affordable, innovative technology solutions to support a sustainable, resilient energy system. Chevron Technical Center conducts research, develops and qualifies technology, and provides technical services and competency development in support of business outcomes. Areas of expertise include earth sciences, reservoir and production engineering, facilities engineering, reserve governance and reporting, capital projects, drilling and completions, technology ventures, and downstream technology and services.

The company is focused on technologies that are ready to adopt and scale today, as well as breakthrough technologies in support of its traditional and new energy businesses, including shale and tight recovery, deepwater development, lowering the carbon intensity of heavy oil, advancing facilities of the future, renewable fuels, carbon capture utilization and storage, hydrogen and geothermal energy.

Chevron leverages its in-house expertise to undertake internal research and development to advance energy solutions. The company holds more than 4,400 patents for new technologies, with over 3,200 additional patents pending, making Chevron one of the leading patent holders in the industry. 

Collaboration is increasingly important to close innovation gaps and integrate emerging technologies into existing energy value chains. Chevron works with startups, universities, national laboratories, joint ventures, and service companies to explore, evaluate, and scale solutions. Chevron is also enabling efficient and responsible artificial intelligence solutions through work with other companies and institutions.

The Chevron Technology Ventures (CTV) unit identifies and invests in externally developed technologies and new business solutions with the potential to enhance the way Chevron produces and delivers affordable, reliable and lower carbon energy. CTV has more than two decades of being the primary on-ramp for external innovation into Chevron, including venture investing, with eight funds that have supported more than 140 startups and worked with more than 350 co-investors. 

In addition to the company’s own managed funds, Chevron also makes investments indirectly through the following funds: the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI) Climate Investments’ Catalyst Fund I, which targets decarbonization within the oil and gas, industrial, built environments and commercial transportation sectors; Emerald funds, one of which targets 

19


energy, water, food, mobility, industrial IT and advanced materials and another that focuses on sustainable packaging; Carbon Direct Capital, a growth equity investor in carbon management technologies; and the HX Venture Fund that targets Houston, Texas high-growth start-up companies.  

Some of the investments the company makes in the areas described above are in new or unproven technologies and business processes; therefore, the ultimate technical or commercial successes of these investments are not certain. Refer to Note 27 Other Financial Information for quantification of the company’s research and development expenses.

Information Technology The company’s information technology organization integrates computing, data management and analytics, cybersecurity and other key infrastructure technologies to provide a digital foundation to enable Chevron’s global operations and business processes. Building on decades of analytics and data science expertise, the company accelerated its application of artificial intelligence in 2023 to drive innovation, increase employee productivity and deliver business outcomes. 

Chevron New Energies The new energies organization is advancing the company’s strategy by bringing together dedicated resources focused on developing new lower carbon businesses that have the potential to scale. Its focus includes commercialization opportunities in hydrogen, carbon capture and storage, carbon offsets and emerging technologies such as geothermal. These businesses are expected to support the company’s efforts to lower the carbon intensity of its operations and become high-growth opportunities with the potential to generate competitive returns. 

Environmental Protection The company designs, operates and maintains its facilities to avoid potential spills or leaks and to minimize the impact of those that may occur. Chevron requires its facilities and operations to have operating standards and processes and emergency response plans that address significant risks identified through site-specific risk and impact assessments. Chevron also requires that sufficient resources be available to execute these plans. In the unlikely event that a major spill or leak occurs, Chevron also maintains a Worldwide Emergency Response Team comprised of employees who are trained in various aspects of emergency response, including post-incident remediation. 

To complement the company’s capabilities, Chevron maintains active membership in international oil spill response cooperatives, including the Marine Spill Response Corporation, which operates in U.S. territorial waters, and Oil Spill Response, Ltd., which operates globally. The company is a founding member of the Marine Well Containment Company, whose primary mission is to expediently deploy containment equipment and systems to capture and contain crude oil in the unlikely event of a future loss of control of a deepwater well in the Gulf of Mexico. In addition, the company is a member of the Subsea Well Response Project, which has the objective to further develop the industry’s capability to contain and shut in subsea well control incidents in different regions of the world. 

The company aims to lower the carbon intensity of its oil and gas operations and comply with the greenhouse gas-related laws and regulations to which it is subject. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion of greenhouse gas regulation and climate change and the associated risks to Chevron’s business. Refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Business Environment and Outlook on pages 34 through 36 for further discussion of climate change related trends and uncertainties. 

Refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations on pages 52 through 54 for additional information on environmental matters and their impact on Chevron, and on the company’s 2023 environmental expenditures. Refer to page 52 through 54 and Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments for a discussion of environmental remediation provisions and year-end reserves.

## 1A_RiskFactors

Item 1A. Risk Factors

As a global energy company, Chevron is subject to a variety of risks that could materially impact the company’s results of operations and financial condition.

BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL RISK FACTORS 

Chevron is exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices Chevron is primarily in a commodities business that has a history of price volatility. The most significant factor that affects the company’s results of operations is the price of crude oil, which can be influenced by general economic conditions and level of economic growth, including low or negative growth; industry production and inventory levels; technology advancements, including those in pursuit of a lower carbon economy; production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries or other producers; weather-related damage and disruptions due to other natural or human causes beyond our control; competing fuel prices; geopolitical risks; the pace of energy transition; customer and consumer preferences and the use of 

substitutes; and governmental regulations, policies and other actions regarding the development of oil and gas reserves, as well as greenhouse gas emissions and climate change. Chevron evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as a core part of its business planning process. An investment in the company carries significant exposure to fluctuations in global crude oil prices.

Extended periods of low prices for crude oil can have a material adverse impact on the company’s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Among other things, the company’s upstream earnings, cash flows, and capital expenditure programs could be negatively affected, as could its production and proved reserves. Upstream assets may also become impaired. Downstream earnings could be negatively affected because they depend upon the supply and demand for refined products and the associated margins on refined product sales. A significant or sustained decline in liquidity could adversely affect the company’s credit ratings, potentially increase financing costs and reduce access to capital markets. The company may be unable to realize anticipated cost savings, expenditure reductions and asset sales that are intended to compensate for such downturns, and such downturns may also slow the pace and scale at which we are able to invest in our business, including our Chevron New Energies organization. In some cases, transferred liabilities, including for abandonment and decommissioning of divested oil and gas assets, have returned and may continue to return to the company when an acquirer of those assets subsequently declares bankruptcy. In addition, extended periods of low commodity prices can have a material adverse impact on the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity of the company’s suppliers, vendors, partners and equity affiliates upon which the company’s own results of operations and financial condition depend.

The scope of Chevron’s business will decline if the company does not successfully develop resources The company is in an extractive business; therefore, if it is not successful in replacing the crude oil and natural gas it produces with good prospects for future organic opportunities or through acquisitions, exploration or technology, the company’s business will decline. Creating and maintaining an inventory of economic projects depends on many factors, including obtaining and renewing rights to explore, develop and produce hydrocarbons; drilling success; reservoir optimization; technology advancements; ability to bring long-lead-time, capital-intensive projects to completion on budget and on schedule; partner alignment, including strategic support; and efficient and profitable operation of mature properties. 

The company’s operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control Chevron operates in both urban areas and remote and sometimes inhospitable regions. The company’s operations are therefore subject to disruption from natural or human causes beyond its control, including risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, heat waves, other forms of severe weather, wildfires, ambient temperature increases, sea level rise, war or other military conflicts such as the war between Israel and Hamas and the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats, terrorist acts and epidemic or pandemic diseases, some of which may be impacted by climate change and any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment.

Chevron’s risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. While capital investment reviews and decisions incorporate potential ranges of physical risks such as storm severity and frequency, sea level rise, air and water temperature, precipitation, fresh water access, wind speed, and earthquake severity, among other factors, it is difficult to predict with certainty the timing, frequency or severity of such events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. 

Cyberattacks targeting Chevron’s operational technology networks or other digital infrastructure could have a material adverse impact on the company’s business and results of operations There are numerous and evolving risks to Chevron’s cybersecurity and privacy from cyber threat actors, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage and employee malfeasance. These cyber threat actors, whether internal or external to Chevron, are becoming more sophisticated and coordinated in their attempts to access the company’s information technology (IT) systems and data, including the IT systems of cloud providers and other third parties with whom the company conducts business through, without limitation, malicious software; data privacy breaches by employees, insiders or others with authorized access; cyber or phishing-attacks; ransomware; attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems; and other electronic security breaches. The cyber risk landscape changes over time due to a variety of internal and external factors, including during political tensions, war or other military conflicts, or civil unrest. Although Chevron devotes significant resources to prevent unwanted intrusions and to protect its systems and data, whether such data is housed internally or by external third parties, the company has experienced and will continue to experience cyber incidents of varying degrees in the conduct of its business. Cyber threat actors could compromise the company’s operational technology networks or other 

critical systems and infrastructure, resulting in disruptions to its business operations, injury to people, harm to the environment or its assets, disruptions in access to its financial reporting systems, or loss, misuse or corruption of its critical data and proprietary information, including without limitation its intellectual property and business information and that of its employees, customers, partners and other third parties. Any of the foregoing can be exacerbated by a delay or failure to detect a cyber incident or the full extent of such incident. Further, the company is increasingly experiencing cyber incidents related to its third-party vendors. Some third-party vendors house the company’s critical data and proprietary information on their IT systems, including the cloud; others have access to Chevron’s IT systems or provide software through which threat actors could gain access or introduce malware to Chevron’s IT systems. Regardless of the precise method or form, cyber events could result in significant financial losses, legal or regulatory violations, reputational harm, and legal liability and could ultimately have a material adverse effect on the company’s business and results of operations.

The company’s operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight Chevron’s results depend on its ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent to operating in the energy industry. The company seeks to minimize these operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair our ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability and/or disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, standards, processes and systems, behaviors and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. In certain situations where Chevron is not the operator, the company may have limited influence and control over third parties, which may limit its ability to manage and control such risks. 

The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure The company does not have commercial insurance or third-party indemnities to fully cover all operational risks or potential liability in the event of a significant incident or series of incidents causing catastrophic loss. As a result, the company is, to a substantial extent, self-insured for such events. The company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from such an event or series of events. The occurrence of a significant incident, series of events, or unforeseen liability for which the company is self-insured, not fully insured or for which insurance recovery is significantly delayed could have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations or financial condition. 

Chevron may not complete the acquisition of Hess Corporation within the time frame the company anticipates or at all, which could have adverse effects on Chevron The completion of the acquisition of Hess Corporation (Hess) is subject to a number of conditions, including regulatory approvals and approval by Hess stockholders of the adoption of the merger agreement. Additionally, Hess and Chevron have been engaged in discussions with Exxon Mobil Corporation and China National Offshore Oil Corporation regarding a right of first refusal provision in the joint operating agreement for the Stabroek Block offshore Guyana. If these discussions do not result in an acceptable resolution and arbitration (if pursued) does not result in a confirmation that such right of first refusal provision is inapplicable to the merger, then there would be a failure of a closing condition under the Merger Agreement, in which case the merger would not close. For additional information, please see the section entitled “The Merger—Stabroek JOA” in Chevron’s preliminary registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed on February 26, 2024.  

Further, on December 7, 2023, Chevron and Hess each received a request for additional information and documentary materials (Second Request) from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) in connection with the FTC’s review of the merger. Issuance of the Second Request extends the waiting period imposed by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, until 30 days after Chevron and Hess have substantially complied with the Second Request, unless that period is extended voluntarily by Chevron and Hess or terminated sooner by the FTC. 

The failure to satisfy all of the required conditions could delay the completion of the acquisition for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring at all. In addition, the terms and conditions of the required regulatory authorizations and consents for the acquisition that are granted, if any, may impose requirements, limitations or costs or place restrictions on the conduct of the company’s business after the transaction or materially delay the completion of the acquisition. A delay in completing the acquisition could cause the company to realize some or all of the benefits later than we otherwise expect to realize them if the acquisition is successfully completed within the anticipated timeframe, which could result in additional transaction costs or in other negative effects associated with uncertainty about completion of the acquisition.

22


Acquisitions may cause Chevron’s financial results to differ from the company’s expectations or the expectations of the investment community, the company may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, and the acquisition may disrupt the company’s current plans or operations The success of prior acquisitions, such as PDC Energy, Inc. (PDC), and the pending acquisition of Hess will depend, in part, on Chevron’s ability to successfully integrate each of the businesses of PDC and Hess and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies. Difficulties in integrating PDC and Hess may result in the failure to realize anticipated synergies in the expected timeframes, in operational challenges, and in the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns, as well as in unforeseen expenses associated with the acquisitions, which may have an adverse impact on the company’s financial results.

LEGAL, REGULATORY AND ESG-RELATED RISK FACTORS

Chevron’s business subjects the company to liability risks from litigation or government action The company produces, transports, refines and markets potentially hazardous materials, and it purchases, handles and disposes of other potentially hazardous materials in the course of its business. Chevron’s operations also produce byproducts, which may be considered pollutants. Often these operations are conducted through joint ventures over which the company may have limited influence and control. Any of these activities could result in liability or significant delays in operations arising from private litigation or government action. For example, liability or delays could result from an accidental, unlawful discharge or from new conclusions about the effects of the company’s operations on human health or the environment. In addition, to the extent that societal pressures or political or other factors are involved, it is possible that such liability could be imposed without regard to the company’s causation of or contribution to the asserted damage, or to other mitigating factors. 

For information concerning some of the litigation in which the company is involved, see Note 16 Litigation.

Political instability and significant changes in the legal and regulatory environment could harm Chevron’s business The company’s operations, particularly exploration and production, can be affected by changing political, regulatory and economic environments in the various countries in which it operates. As has occurred in the past, actions could be taken by governments to increase public ownership of the company’s partially or wholly owned businesses, to force contract renegotiations, or to impose additional taxes or royalties. In certain locations, governments have proposed or imposed restrictions on the company’s operations, trade, currency exchange controls, burdensome taxes, and public disclosure requirements that might harm the company’s competitiveness or relations with other governments or third parties. In other countries, political conditions have existed that may threaten the safety of employees and the company’s continued presence in those countries, and internal unrest, acts of violence or strained relations between a government and the company or other governments may adversely affect the company’s operations. Those developments have, at times, significantly affected the company’s operations and results and are carefully considered by management when evaluating the level of current and future activity in such countries. Further, Chevron is required to comply with sanctions and other trade laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions where we operate, such as sanctions imposed in Venezuela and Russia, which, depending upon their scope, could adversely impact the company’s operations and financial results in these countries. In addition, litigation or changes in national, state or local environmental regulations or laws, including those designed to stop or impede the development or production of oil and gas, such as those related to the use of hydraulic fracturing or bans on drilling, or any law or regulation that impacts the demand for our products, could adversely affect the company’s current or anticipated future operations and profitability. 

Legislative or regulatory changes in tax laws may expose Chevron to additional tax liabilities Changes in tax laws and regulations around the world are regularly enacted due to political or economic factors beyond the company’s control. Chevron’s taxes in the jurisdictions where the company conducts business activities have been and may be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or regulations, including but not limited to, substantive changes in, reductions in, or the repeal or expiration of tax incentives, such as U.S. federal tax incentives for biodiesel blending, which expire in 2024. Furthermore, Chevron’s tax returns are subject to audit by taxing authorities around the world. There is no assurance that taxing authorities or courts will agree with the positions that Chevron has reflected on the company’s tax returns, in which case interest and penalties could be imposed that may have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations or financial condition. 

During periods of high profitability for certain companies or industries, there are often calls for increased taxes on profits, often called “windfall profit” taxes. Governments in various jurisdictions, including California and Australia, have announced, proposed, or implemented windfall profit taxes for companies operating in the energy and oil and gas sectors. Such taxes may be imposed on us or may be increased in the future in these or other jurisdictions. The imposition of, or 

23


increase in, such windfall profit taxes could adversely affect the company’s current or anticipated future operations and profitability. 

For information concerning the company’s tax liabilities, see Note 17 Taxes and Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments.

Legislation, regulation, and other government actions and shifting customer and consumer preferences and other private efforts related to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and climate change could continue to increase Chevron’s operational costs and reduce demand for Chevron’s hydrocarbon and other products, resulting in a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations and financial condition Chevron has experienced and may be further challenged by increases in the impacts of international and domestic legislation, regulation, or other government actions relating to GHG emissions (e.g., carbon dioxide and methane) and climate change. International agreements and national, regional, and state legislation and regulatory measures that aim to directly or indirectly limit or reduce GHG emissions are in various stages of implementation. 

Legislation, regulation, and other government actions related to GHG emissions and climate change could reduce demand for Chevron’s hydrocarbon and other products and/or continue to increase Chevron’s operational costs and reduce its return on investment. The Paris Agreement went into effect in November 2016, and a number of countries in which we operate have adopted and may adopt additional policies intended to meet their Paris Agreement goals. Globally, multiple jurisdictions are considering adopting or are in the process of implementing laws or regulations to directly regulate GHG emissions through a carbon tax, a cap-and-trade program, performance standards or other mechanisms, or to attempt to indirectly advance reduction of GHG emissions through restrictive permitting, procurement standards, trade barriers, minimum renewable usage requirements, financing standards, standards or requirements for environmental benefit claims, increased GHG reporting and climate-related disclosure requirements, or tax advantages or other incentives to promote the use of alternative energy, fuel sources or lower-carbon technologies. For example, the company is currently subject to implemented programs in certain jurisdictions, such as the Renewable Fuel Standard program in the U.S., California’s Cap-and-Trade Program and Low Carbon Fuel Standard, and newly approved mandates such as the California Air Resources Board Advanced Clean Cars II regulations, as well as other indirect regulation of GHG emissions, which may, among other things, ban or restrict technologies or products that use the company’s products. GHG emissions that may be directly regulated through such efforts include, among others, those associated with the company’s exploration and production of hydrocarbons; the upgrading of production from oil sands into synthetic oil; power generation; the conversion of crude oil, natural gas and biofeedstocks into refined hydrocarbon products; the processing, liquefaction, and regasification of natural gas; the transportation of crude oil, natural gas, and other products; and customers’ and consumers’ use of the company’s hydrocarbon products. In addition, the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) implements various incentives for lower carbon activities, including carbon capture and storage and the production of hydrogen and sustainable aviation fuel. Although the IRA offers incentives that could support certain lower carbon lines of business, those same incentives could negatively impact supply and/or demand for our oil and gas products in the future or any existing or future lower carbon business lines. Many of these actions, as well as customers’ and consumers’ preferences and use of the company’s products or substitute products, and actions taken by the company’s competitors in response to legislation and regulations, are beyond the company’s control.

Similar to any significant changes in the regulatory environment, climate change-related legislation, regulation, or other government actions may curtail profitability in oil and gas and lower carbon businesses, as well as render the extraction of the company’s hydrocarbon resources economically infeasible. In particular, GHG emissions-related legislation, regulations, and other government actions, and shifting customer and consumer preferences and other private efforts aimed at reducing GHG emissions may result in increased and substantial capital, compliance, operating, and maintenance costs and could, among other things, reduce demand for hydrocarbons and the company’s hydrocarbon-based products; increase demand for lower carbon products and alternative energy sources; make the company’s products more expensive; adversely affect the economic feasibility of the company’s resources; impact or limit our business plans; and adversely affect the company’s sales volumes, revenues, margins and reputation. For example, some jurisdictions are in various stages of design, adoption, and implementation of policies and programs that cap emissions and/or require short-, medium-, and long-term GHG reductions by operators at the asset or facility level, which may not be technologically feasible, or which could require significant capital expenditure, increase costs of or limit production, result in impairment of assets and limit Chevron’s ability to cost-effectively reduce GHG emissions across its global portfolio. 

The ultimate effect of international agreements; national, regional, and state legislation and regulation; and government and private actions related to GHG emissions and climate change on the company’s financial performance, and the timing of 

24


these effects, will depend on a number of factors. Such factors include, among others, the sectors covered, the GHG emissions reductions required, standardized carbon accounting, the extent to which Chevron would be able to receive, generate, or purchase credits, the price and availability of credits and the extent to which the company is able to recover, or continue to recover, the costs incurred through the pricing of the company’s products in the competitive marketplace. Further, the ultimate impact of GHG emissions and climate change-related agreements, legislation, regulation, and government actions on the company’s financial performance is highly uncertain because the company is unable to predict with certainty, for a multitude of individual jurisdictions, the outcome of political decision-making processes, including the actual laws and regulations enacted, the variables and trade-offs that inevitably occur in connection with such processes, and market conditions, including the responses of consumers to such changes. 

Increasing attention to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters impacts our company Increasing attention to ESG matters, including those related to climate change and sustainability, increasing societal, investor and legislative pressure on companies to address ESG matters, and potential customer and consumer use of substitutes to Chevron’s products have resulted and may continue to result in changes to the portfolio and company activities, increased costs, reduced demand for our products, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation or threats thereof, negative impacts on our stock price and access to capital markets, impaired participation in public discourse and debate by the company relating to mandatory and voluntary standards and regulations, and damage to our reputation. For example, increasing attention to ESG matters, including climate change, may result in demand shifts for our hydrocarbon products and additional litigation and governmental investigations, or threats thereof, against the company. For instance, we have received investigative requests and demands from the U.S. Congress for information relating to climate change, methane leak detection and repair, and other topics, and further requests and/or demands are possible. At this time, Chevron cannot predict the ultimate impact any Congressional or other investigations may have on the company. Information related to climate-change related litigation matters is included in Note 16 Litigation under the heading “Climate Change.”

Some stakeholders, including but not limited to sovereign wealth, pension, and endowment funds, have been divesting and promoting divestment of or screening out of fossil fuel equities and urging lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. Further, voluntary carbon-related and target-setting frameworks have developed, and continue to develop, that limit the ability of certain sectors, including the oil and gas sector, from participating, and may result in exclusion of the company’s equity from being included as an investment option in portfolios. In addition, some stakeholders, including some of our investors, have divergent and evolving views on our ESG-related strategies and priorities, vis-à-vis our lines of business, calling for focus on increased production of oil and gas products rather than new business lines and climate-related targets. These circumstances, among others, may result in pressure from activists on production; unfavorable reputational impacts, including inaccurate perceptions or a misrepresentation of our actual ESG policies, practices and performance; diversion of management’s attention and resources; and proxy fights, among other material adverse impacts on our businesses. 

In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters, including climate change and climate-related risks (including entities commonly referred to as “raters and rankers”). Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings and investment community divestment initiatives, among other actions, may lead to negative investor sentiment toward Chevron and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access to and costs of capital. Additionally, evolving expectations on various ESG matters, including biodiversity, waste and water, have increased, and may continue to increase, costs, require changes in how we operate and lead to negative stakeholder sentiment.

Our aspirations, targets and disclosures related to ESG matters subject us to numerous risks that may negatively impact our reputation and stock price or result in other material adverse impacts to the company Chevron has announced an aspiration to achieve net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions in upstream by 2050. The company also has set nearer-term GHG emission-related targets for zero routine flaring, upstream carbon intensity, and portfolio carbon intensity. These and other aspirations, targets or objectives reflect our current plans and aspirations, and Chevron may change them for various reasons, including evolving market conditions; changes in our portfolio; and financial, operational, regulatory, reputational, legal and other factors. 

Our ability to achieve any aspiration, target or objective, including with respect to climate-related initiatives, our lower carbon strategy outlined in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, pages 34 through 36, and any lower carbon new energy businesses, is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include: (1) sufficient and substantial advances in technology, including the 

25


continuing progress of commercially viable technologies and low- or non-carbon-based energy sources; (2) the granting of necessary permits by governing authorities; (3) the availability and acceptability of cost-effective, verifiable carbon credits; (4) the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards; (5) evolving regulatory requirements, including changes to IPCC’s Global Warming Potentials, affecting ESG standards or disclosures; (6) evolving standards for tracking and reporting on emissions and emission reductions and removals; (7) customers’ and consumers’ preferences and use of the company’s products or substitute products; and (8) actions taken by the company’s competitors in response to legislation and regulations.

The standards and regulations for tracking, reporting, marketing and advertising related to ESG matters are relatively new, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Our selection of disclosure frameworks that seek to align with various voluntary reporting standards may change from time to time and may result in a lack of comparative data from period to period. 

Our processes and controls may not always align with evolving voluntary standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards may change over time, including through non-public processes, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. In addition, Chevron participates, along with other companies, institutes, universities, trade associations and other organizations, in various initiatives, campaigns, and other projects that express various ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change, emissions and energy transition. Chevron’s individual ambitions, future performance or policies may differ from the ambitions of such organizations or the individual ambitions of other participants in these various initiatives, campaigns, and other projects, and Chevron may unilaterally change its individual ambitions, aspirations and goals. Achievement of or efforts to achieve aspirations, targets, goals and objectives such as the foregoing and future internal climate-related initiatives has, and may continue to, increase costs, and, in addition, may require purchase of carbon credits, or limit or impact the company’s business plans, operations and financial results, potentially resulting in the reduction to the economic end-of-life of certain assets, impairing the associated net book value, among other material adverse impacts. Our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill such aspirations, targets, goals and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have a negative impact on the company’s reputation, investor sentiment, ratings outcomes for evaluating the company’s approach to ESG matters, stock price, and cost of capital and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation, among other material adverse impacts.

GENERAL RISK FACTORS

Changes in management’s estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company’s consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance in any given period In preparing the company’s periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including its financial statements, Chevron’s management is required under applicable rules and regulations to make estimates and assumptions as of a specified date. These estimates and assumptions are based on management’s best estimates and experience as of that date and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty. Materially different results may occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include impairments to property, plant and equipment and investments in affiliates; estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves; accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves; and measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Changes in estimates or assumptions or the information underlying the assumptions, such as changes in the company’s business plans, general market conditions, the pace of energy transition, or changes in the company’s outlook on commodity prices, could affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities or expenses.

## 2_Properties

Item 2. Properties

The location and character of the company’s crude oil and natural gas properties and its refining, marketing, transportation, and chemicals facilities are described beginning on page 3 under Item 1. Business. Information required by Subpart 1200 of Regulation S-K (“Disclosure by Registrants Engaged in Oil and Gas Producing Activities”) is also contained in Item 1 and in Tables I through VII on pages 102 through 114 and Note 18 Properties, Plant and Equipment.

## 3_LegalProceedings

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

The following is a description of legal proceedings that involve governmental authorities as a party and the company reasonably believes would result in $1.0 million or more of monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, under federal, state and local laws that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or primarily for the purpose of protecting the environment. 

As previously disclosed, Chevron received correspondence from California’s Bay Area Air Quality Management District (BAAQMD) seeking to resolve certain Notices of Violation (NOVs) related to alleged violations that occurred at Chevron’s refinery in Richmond, California, between 2019 and 2022. The parties negotiated a resolution of the NOVs, including additional NOVs from the first half of 2023, in a settlement effective February 12, 2024. Resolution of these alleged violations will result in the payment of a civil penalty of $20 million.

As previously disclosed, the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, Office of Spill Prevention and Response (CDFW, OSPR) issued a Complaint - NOV to Chevron for alleged violations related to oil spills and impacted habitat and species occurring between January 2018 and May 2022 at different Chevron fields within Kern County, California. Chevron is negotiating a potential resolution of the NOVs with CDFW, OSPR. Resolution of the alleged violations will result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more. 

As previously disclosed, the California Department of Conservation, California Geologic Energy Management Division (CalGEM) (previously known as the Division of Oil, Gas and Geothermal Resources) promulgated revised rules pursuant to the Underground Injection Control program that took effect April 1, 2019. Subsequent to that date, CalGEM issued NOVs and two orders to Chevron related to seeps that occurred in the Cymric Oil Field in Kern County, California. An October 2, 2019 CalGEM order seeks a civil penalty of approximately $2.7 million. Chevron has filed an appeal of this order. Chevron is currently in discussions with CalGEM regarding a settlement to resolve the order and all past and present seeps in the Cymric Field, which will increase the amount of penalty paid.

On March 17, 2022, the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality and Harris County, Texas filed a civil lawsuit alleging violations of the Texas Clean Air Act in connection with a fire at Chevron’s Pasadena, Texas refinery. The Pasadena refinery is currently negotiating a potential resolution that may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.

Please see information related to other legal proceedings in Note 16 Litigation.

## 5_MarketForRegistrants

Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The company’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (trading symbol: CVX). As of February 9, 2024, stockholders of record numbered approximately 100,000. There are no restrictions on the company’s ability to pay dividends. The information on Chevron’s dividends are contained in the Quarterly Results tabulation. 

Chevron Corporation Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for Quarter Ended December 31, 2023 

Total NumberAverageTotal Number of SharesApproximate Dollar Values of Shares that

of SharesPrice PaidPurchased as Part of PubliclyMay Yet be Purchased Under the Program 

Period Purchased *

per Share Announced Program (Billions of dollars)*

October 1 – October 31, 20239,396,099$162.019,396,099$65.7

November 1 – November 30, 20236,818,060$144.506,818,060$64.7

December 1 – December 31, 20236,180,512$147.746,180,512$63.8

Total October 1 – December 31, 202322,394,671$152.7422,394,671

*Refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional detail regarding the company's authorized stock repurchase program.

## 7_MDA

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The index to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is presented in the Financial Table of Contents.

## 7A_QuantitativeQualitativeMarketRisk

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

The company’s discussion of interest rate, foreign currency and commodity price market risk is contained in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Financial and Derivative Instruments and in Note 10 Financial and Derivative Instruments.

## 8_FinancialStatements

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data is presented in the Financial Table of Contents.

## 9A_ControlsAndProcedures

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The company’s management has evaluated, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2023.

(b) Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The company’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on the results of this evaluation, the company’s management concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. 

The company excluded PDC Energy, Inc. (PDC) from our assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 because it was acquired by the company in a business combination during 2023. Total assets and total 

revenues of PDC, a wholly-owned subsidiary, represent five percent and one percent, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023.

The effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report included herein.

(c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting During the quarter ended December 31, 2023, there were no changes in the company’s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the company’s internal control over financial reporting.
