# Chevron Corporation (CVX) — 10-K Annual Report (2026)

- Ticker: CVX
- Company: Chevron Corporation
- Sector: energy
- Filing year: 2026
- Filing date: 2026-02-24
- Accession number: 0000093410-26-000078

---

## 1_Business

Item 1. Business

General Development of Business

Summary Description of Chevron 

Chevron Corporation1, a Delaware corporation, manages its investments in subsidiaries and affiliates and provides administrative, financial, management and technology support to U.S. and international subsidiaries that engage in integrated energy and chemicals operations. Upstream operations consist primarily of exploring for, developing, producing and transporting crude oil and natural gas; processing, liquefaction, transportation and regasification associated with liquefied natural gas; transporting crude oil by major international oil export pipelines; transporting, storage and marketing of natural gas; carbon capture and storage; and a gas-to-liquids plant. Downstream operations consist primarily of refining crude oil into petroleum products; marketing of crude oil, refined products and lubricants; manufacturing and marketing of renewable fuels; transporting crude oil and refined products by pipeline, marine vessel, motor equipment and rail car; and manufacturing and marketing of commodity petrochemicals, plastics for industrial uses and fuel and lubricant additives.

A list of the company’s significant subsidiaries is presented in Exhibit 21.1.

Overview of Petroleum Industry 

Petroleum industry operations and profitability are influenced by many factors. Prices for crude oil, natural gas, liquefied natural gas (LNG), petroleum products and petrochemicals are generally determined by supply and demand. Production levels from the members of Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), Russia and the United States are major factors in determining worldwide supply. Demand for crude oil and its products and for natural gas is largely driven by the conditions of local, national and global economies, although weather patterns, the pace of energy transition and taxation relative to other energy sources also play a significant part. Laws and governmental policies, particularly in the areas of taxation, energy and the environment, affect where and how companies invest, conduct their operations, select feedstocks, and formulate their products and, in some cases, limit their profits directly.

Strong competition exists in all sectors of the petroleum and petrochemical industries in supplying the energy, fuel and chemical needs of industry and individual consumers. In the upstream business, Chevron competes with fully integrated, major global petroleum companies, as well as independent and national petroleum companies, for the acquisition of crude oil and natural gas leases and other properties and for the equipment and labor required to develop and operate those properties. In its downstream business, Chevron competes with fully integrated, major petroleum companies, as well as independent refining and marketing, transportation and chemicals entities and national petroleum companies in the refining, manufacturing, sale and marketing of fuels, lubricants, additives and petrochemicals. 

Operating Environment 

Refer to Business Environment and Outlook of this Form 10-K in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the company’s current business environment and outlook.

Chevron’s Strategic Direction

Chevron’s strategy is to leverage our strengths to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world. Our objective is to safely deliver higher returns, lower carbon and superior shareholder value in any business environment. We are leveraging our capabilities, assets, partnerships and customer relationships as we aim to grow our oil and gas business, lower the carbon intensity of operations and grow new energies businesses. 

Information about the company is available on the company’s website at www.chevron.com. Information contained on the company’s website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on the company’s website soon 

1 Incorporated in Delaware in 1926 as Standard Oil Company of California, the company adopted the name Chevron Corporation in 1984 and ChevronTexaco Corporation in 2001. In 2005, ChevronTexaco Corporation changed its name to Chevron Corporation. As used in this report, the term “Chevron” and such terms as “the company,” “the corporation,” “our,” “we,” “us” and "its" may refer to Chevron Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or all of them taken as a whole, but unless stated otherwise they do not include “affiliates” of Chevron — i.e., those companies accounted for by the equity method (generally owned 50 percent or less) or non-equity method investments. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs. 

after such reports are filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The reports are also available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.

Human Capital Management 

The Chevron Way explains the company’s purpose, vision and values. It guides how the company’s employees work and establishes a common understanding of culture and aspirations.

Chevron leadership is accountable for investing in the company’s people and culture with the objective of engaging employees to develop their full potential to help deliver energy solutions and enable human progress. 

The following table summarizes the number of Chevron employees by sex, where data is available, and by region as of December 31, 2025.

At December 31, 2025

FemaleMaleData not available*Total Employees

Number of EmployeesPercentageNumber of EmployeesPercentageNumber of EmployeesPercentageNumber of EmployeesPercentage

Non-Service Station Employees

U.S.4,645 24 %14,703 76 %18 — %19,366 45 %

Other Americas1,305 33 %2,632 67 %8 — %3,945 9 %

Africa531 16 %2,779 84 %1 — %3,311 8 %

Asia2,732 35 %5,161 65 %12 — %7,905 18 %

Australia480 26 %1,396 74 %3 — %1,879 5 %

Europe401 28 %1,028 71 %25 1 %1,454 3 %

Total Non-Service Station Employees10,094 27 %27,699 73 %67 — %37,860 88 %

Service Station Employees2,344 45 %2,314 45 %521 10 %5,179 12 %

Total Employees12,438 29 %30,013 70 %588 1 %43,039 100 %

* Includes employees where data was not collected or employee chose not to disclose.

Chevron’s approach to attracting, developing and retaining a skilled and diverse global workforce is grounded in creating an environment that supports growth, engagement and operational excellence.

The company’s philosophy is to offer compelling career opportunities and a competitive total compensation and benefits package linked to individual and enterprise performance.

Chevron seeks to foster an inclusive work environment that values the uniqueness and diversity of individual talents, experiences and ideas. Chevron rejects the use of quotas, focuses on removing barriers to opportunity and makes selection decisions based on merit. 

Leader accountability and employee engagement remain key indicators of organizational health. Regular employee surveys help monitor engagement, support operational excellence, and track progress in culture, competitive performance, and execution.

Chevron prioritizes the health, safety and well-being of its employees. The company’s safety culture empowers every member of its workforce to exercise stop-work authority without repercussion to address any potential unsafe work conditions. The company has set clear expectations for leaders to deliver operational excellence by prioritizing the safety and health of its workforce, and the protection of communities, the environment and the company’s assets. 

Description of Business and Properties

The upstream and downstream activities of the company and its equity affiliates are widely dispersed geographically, with operations and projects2 in North America, South America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia. These activities are managed by the Oil, Products and Gas organization. Tabulations of segment income statements for the three years ended December 31, 2025, and assets as of the end of 2025 and 2024 — for the United States and the company’s international geographic areas — are in Note 14 Operating Segments and Geographic Data to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Similar comparative data for the company’s investments in and income from equity affiliates and property, plant and equipment are in Note 15 Investments and Advances and Note 18 Property, Plant and Equipment. Refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the company’s Capital Expenditures. Throughout the document, certain totals and percentages may not sum to their component parts due to rounding.

Upstream 

Reserves 

Refer to Table V for a tabulation of the company’s proved reserves by geographic area for each year-end from 2023 through 2025. Reserves governance, technologies used in establishing proved reserves additions, and major changes to proved reserves by geographic area for the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, are summarized in the discussion for Table V. Discussion is also provided regarding the nature of, status of, and planned future activities associated with the development of proved undeveloped reserves. The company recognizes reserves for projects with various development periods, sometimes exceeding five years. The external factors that impact the duration of a project include scope and complexity, remoteness or adverse operating conditions, infrastructure constraints, and contractual limitations.

The company’s proved reserves at year-end 2025 were approximately 10.6 billion barrels of oil-equivalent (BOE), eight percent higher than 2024. The largest additions were from the acquisition of Hess Corporation (Hess) and extensions and discoveries in shale and tight assets in the Permian Basin, and project approvals in Australia and Guyana. At December 31, 2025, 43 percent of the company’s net proved oil-equivalent reserves were located in the United States, 15 percent were located in Australia and 11 percent were located in Kazakhstan.

The net proved reserve balances at the end of each of the three years 2023 through 2025 are shown in the following table: 

At December 31

202520242023

Crude Oil, Condensate and Synthetic Oil  — Millions of barrels

Consolidated Companies3,608 3,027 3,770 

Affiliated Companies761 889 1,007 

Total Crude Oil, Condensate and Synthetic Oil4,369 3,916 4,777 

Natural Gas Liquids  — Millions of barrels

Consolidated Companies1,271 1,075 1,138 

Affiliated Companies77 84 91 

Total Natural Gas Liquids1,348 1,159 1,229 

Natural Gas — Billions of cubic feet

Consolidated Companies27,642 26,526 28,318 

Affiliated Companies1,603 1,849 2,063 

Total Natural Gas29,245 28,375 30,381 

Oil-Equivalent — Millions of barrels*

Consolidated Companies9,486 8,523 9,628 

Affiliated Companies1,105 1,281 1,441 

Total Oil-Equivalent10,591 9,804 11,069 

* Oil-equivalent conversion ratio is 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas = 1 barrel of crude oil.

2 As used in this report, the term “project” may describe certain new upstream development activity, individual phases in a multiphase development, maintenance activities, existing assets, new investments in downstream and chemicals capacity, investments in emerging and lower carbon activities, and other activities. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of the term “project” as it relates to any specific governmental law or regulation.

5


Average Sales Prices and Production Costs per Unit of Production 

Refer to Table IV for the company’s average sales price per barrel of crude (including crude oil and condensate) and natural gas liquids (NGLs) and per thousand cubic feet of natural gas produced, and the average production cost per oil-equivalent barrel for 2025, 2024 and 2023. 

Gross and Net Productive Wells 

The following table summarizes gross and net productive wells at year-end 2025 for the company and its affiliates: 

At December 31, 2025

Productive Oil Wells1

Productive Gas Wells1

Gross Net Gross Net 

United States37,907 24,534 1,901 1,528 

Other Americas1,123 564 — — 

Africa1,635 623 46 18 

Asia1,750 834 1,432 455 

Australia532 299 121 34 

Europe33 6 — — 

Total Consolidated Companies42,980 26,860 3,500 2,035 

Affiliates2

1,640 592 — — 

Total Including Affiliates44,620 27,452 3,500 2,035 

Multiple completion wells included above703 395 147 115 

1 Gross wells represent the total number of wells in which Chevron has an ownership interest. Net wells represent the sum of Chevron’s ownership interest in gross wells.

2 Includes gross 1,396 and net 470 productive oil wells for interests accounted for by the non-equity method.

Production Outlook

The company estimates its average worldwide oil-equivalent production in 2026 to increase 7 to 10 percent over 2025, assuming a Brent crude oil price of $60 per barrel and excluding the impact of asset sales. This includes a full-year contribution from Hess assets. This estimate is subject to many factors and uncertainties, as described beginning on page 39. Refer to the Review of Ongoing Exploration and Production Activities in Key Areas for a discussion of the company’s major crude oil and natural gas development projects.

Acreage 

At December 31, 2025, the company owned or had under lease or similar agreements undeveloped and developed crude oil and natural gas properties throughout the world. The geographical distribution of the company’s acreage is shown in the following table:

Undeveloped2

Developed Developed and Undeveloped 

Thousands of acres1

Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net 

United States4,256 3,707 4,982 3,293 9,238 7,000 

Other Americas29,532 16,027 1,152 303 30,684 16,330 

Africa18,460 11,157 1,283 519 19,743 11,676 

Asia13,417 6,350 1,186 490 14,603 6,840 

Australia3,332 2,597 2,010 771 5,342 3,368 

Europe106 21 12 2 118 23 

Total Consolidated Companies69,103 39,859 10,625 5,378 79,728 45,237 

Affiliates3

693 287 111 51 804 338 

Total Including Affiliates69,796 40,146 10,736 5,429 80,532 45,575 

1 Gross acres represent the total number of acres in which Chevron has an ownership interest. Net acres represent the sum of Chevron’s ownership interest in gross acres.

2 The gross undeveloped acres that will expire in 2026, 2027 and 2028 if production is not established by certain required dates are 4,919, 12,250, and 2,968, respectively.

3 Includes gross 405 and net 143 undeveloped and gross 19 and net 5 developed acreage for interests accounted for by the non-equity method.

6


Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas 

The following table summarizes the net production of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas for 2025 and 2024 by the company and its affiliates. Worldwide oil-equivalent production of 3.7 million barrels per day in 2025 was up approximately 12 percent from 2024, mainly due to the acquisition of Hess, completion of the Future Growth Project at Tengizchevroil (TCO), record production in the Permian Basin, and ramp-up of production in the Gulf of America, partially offset by asset sales in Canada and the Republic of Congo. Refer to the Results of Operations section for a detailed discussion of the factors explaining the changes in production for liquids (including crude oil, condensate, NGLs and synthetic oil) and natural gas, and refer to Table V for information on annual production by geographical region.

Components of Oil-Equivalent

Oil-EquivalentCrude OilNatural Gas LiquidsNatural Gas

Thousands of barrels per day (MBD)(MBD)1

(MBD)2

(MBD)(MMCFD)

Millions of cubic feet per day (MMCFD)20252024202520242025202420252024

United States1,858 1,599 906 782 436 370 3,099 2,684 

Other Americas 

Argentina

65 51 52 43 — 74 47 

  Canada3,4 

48 132 46 104 6 10 131 

Guyana5

120 — 119 — — 10 

Total Other Americas233 183 217 147 — 6 94 178 

Africa 

Angola

58 64 47 52 4 4 45 48 

Equatorial Guinea37 46 7 9 4 5 155 191 

Nigeria

134 129 92 96 5 3 220 183 

Republic of Congo— 28 — 26 — 10 

Total Africa229 267 146 183 13 12 420 432 

Asia 

Bangladesh

85 99 2 3 — 494 577 

China

23 29 7 — 139 132 

Israel98 100 1 1 — 581 592 

Kazakhstan

46 45 28 26 — 106 113 

  Malaysia / JDA6

17 — 2 — 92 — 

  Myanmar7

— 4 — — — — 22 

Partitioned Zone65 61 65 60 — 2 5 

Thailand47 47 14 14 — 199 200 

Total Asia381 385 112 111 — — 1,613 1,641 

Australia

 Australia472 479 37 40 1 2 2,605 2,625 

Total Australia472 479 37 40 1 2 2,605 2,625 

Europe 

United Kingdom12 12 11 11 — 7 7 

Total Europe12 12 11 11 — — 7 7 

Total Consolidated Companies3,185 2,925 1,429 1,274 450 390 7,838 7,567 

Affiliates8

538 413 398 286 27 25 677 611 

Total Including Affiliates9

3,723 3,338 1,827 1,560 477 415 8,515 8,178 

1 Oil-equivalent conversion ratio is 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas = 1 barrel of crude oil.

2 Includes crude oil, condensate and synthetic oil.

3 Includes synthetic oil:

— 46— 46— — — — 

4 Canada Duvernay shale and AOSP assets were sold in December 2024.

5 Chevron acquired Guyana assets as part of the acquisition of Hess in July 2025.

6 Chevron acquired assets in Malaysia and the Joint Development Area with Thailand (JDA) as part of the acquisition of Hess in July 2025. JDA was sold immediately following the acquisition.

7 Chevron withdrew from Myanmar in April 2024.

8 Volumes represent Chevron’s share of production by affiliates, including Tengizchevroil in Kazakhstan and Angola LNG in Angola.

9 Volumes include natural gas consumed in operations of 646 million and 609 million cubic feet per day in 2025 and 2024, respectively. Total “as sold” natural gas volumes were 7,869 million and 7,569 million cubic feet per day for 2025 and 2024, respectively.

7


Delivery Commitments 

The company sells crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs from its producing operations under a variety of contractual obligations. Most contracts generally commit the company to sell quantities based on production from specified properties, but some NGLs and natural gas sales contracts specify delivery of fixed and determinable quantities.

In the United States, the company is contractually committed to deliver approximately 110 million barrels of NGLs and 830 billion cubic feet of natural gas to third parties and affiliates from 2026 through 2028. The company believes it can satisfy these contracts through a combination of equity production from the company’s proved developed U.S. reserves and third-party purchases. These commitments are primarily based on contracts with indexed pricing terms. 

Outside the United States, the company is contractually committed to deliver a total of 3.2 trillion cubic feet of natural gas to third parties and affiliates from 2026 through 2028 mainly from operations in Australia and Israel. The Australia sales contracts contain variable pricing formulas that generally reference the prevailing market price for crude oil, natural gas or other petroleum products at the time of delivery. The sales contracts for Israel contain formulas that generally reflect an initial base price subject to price indexation, Brent-linked or other, over the life of the contract. The company believes it can satisfy these contracts from quantities available from production of the company’s proved developed reserves in these countries.

Development Activities 

Refer to Table I for details associated with the company’s development expenditures and costs of proved property acquisitions for 2025, 2024 and 2023.

The following table summarizes the company’s net interest in productive and dry development wells completed in each of the past three years, and the status of the company’s development wells drilling at December 31, 2025. A “development well” is a well drilled within the known area of a crude oil or natural gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive. 

Wells Drilling*Net Wells Completed 

at 12/31/25202520242023

Gross Net Prod. Dry Prod. Dry Prod. Dry 

United States300 131 927 — 630 3 697 2 

Other Americas54 20 46 — 64 — 39 — 

Africa6 2 8 — 6 — 7 — 

Asia25 8 78 — 72 1 58 2 

Australia— — — — 2 — 3 — 

Europe1 — — — — — — — 

Total Consolidated Companies386 161 1,059 — 774 4 804 4 

Affiliates5 3 8 — 3 — 4 — 

Total Including Affiliates391 164 1,067 — 777 4 808 4 

* Gross wells represent the total number of wells in which Chevron has an ownership interest. Net wells represent the sum of Chevron’s ownership interest in gross wells.

8


Exploration Activities 

Refer to Table I for detail on the company’s exploration expenditures and costs of unproved property acquisitions for 2025, 2024 and 2023. 

The following table summarizes the company’s net interests in productive and dry exploratory wells completed in each of the past three years, and the number of exploratory wells drilling at December 31, 2025. “Exploratory wells” are wells drilled to find and produce crude oil or natural gas in unknown areas and include delineation and appraisal wells, which are wells drilled to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of crude oil or natural gas in another reservoir or to extend a known reservoir.

Wells Drilling*Net Wells Completed 

at 12/31/25202520242023

Gross Net Prod. Dry Prod. Dry Prod. Dry 

United States2 1 3 1 5 2 — 2 

Other Americas— — 1 1 1 — — — 

Africa— — 1 — 1 1 — — 

Asia2 1 1 — 3 2 1 — 

Australia— — — 2 — — — — 

Europe— — — — — — — — 

Total Consolidated Companies4 2 6 4 10 5 1 2 

Affiliates— — — — — — — — 

Total Including Affiliates4 2 6 4 10 5 1 2 

* Gross wells represent the total number of wells in which Chevron has an ownership interest. Net wells represent the sum of Chevron’s ownership interest in gross wells.

9


Review of Ongoing Activities in Key Areas

Chevron has exploration and production activities in many of the world’s major hydrocarbon basins. Chevron’s 2025 key upstream activities, some of which are also discussed in the section Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, are presented below. The comments include references to “total production” and “net production,” which are defined under “Production” in Exhibit 99.1. 

The discussion that follows references the status of proved reserves recognition for significant long lead time projects not on production as well as for projects recently placed on production. Reserves are not discussed for exploration activities or recent discoveries that have not advanced to a project stage, or for mature areas of production that do not have individual projects requiring significant levels of capital or exploratory investment. Projected start-up timing for nonoperated projects are per operator’s estimate.

United States

Upstream activities in the United States are primarily located in Texas, New Mexico, Colorado, North Dakota, California and the Gulf of America. Acreage for the United States can be found in the Acreage table. Net daily oil-equivalent production in the United States can be found in the Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas table.

Texas/New Mexico As one of the largest producers in the Permian Basin, Chevron continues to develop its advantaged portfolio of more than 1,750,000 net acres in the Delaware and Midland basins in West Texas and Southeast New Mexico. In 2025, production reached one million barrels of net oil-equivalent per day. The resource is comprised of stacked formations enabling production of multiple geologic zones from single surface locations, staging the development for optimized capacity utilization of facilities and infrastructure. The company has implemented a factory development strategy utilizing multi-well pads to drill a series of horizontal wells that are subsequently completed using hydraulic fracture stimulation. This manufacturing-style process, combined with advantaged acreage holdings and technological advancements, have enabled productivity improvements across unique geological locations throughout the basin. Acreage transactions enabling longer laterals and the company’s diversified land assets via non-operated joint ventures and royalty positions have also contributed to higher returns. Chevron’s 2025 net daily production in the Permian Basin averaged 435,000 barrels of crude oil, 280,000 barrels of NGLs and 1.8 billion cubic feet of natural gas. 

Chevron sold 70 percent of its working interest in Haynesville shale in East Texas in 2025 while retaining a 30 percent non-operated working interest and an approximately 12.5 percent overriding royalty interest in the newly formed joint venture. Chevron holds approximately 70,000 net acres and obtained a capital carry of $450 million for the development of this area through the sale transaction.

Colorado Chevron is the largest oil and natural gas producer in Colorado, where development is focused across approximately 580,000 net acres in the Denver-Julesburg (DJ) Basin. Chevron follows a factory development strategy utilizing multi-well pads to drill a series of horizontal wells that are subsequently completed using hydraulic fracture stimulation. Net daily production in Colorado averaged 125,000 barrels of crude oil, 100,000 barrels of NGLs and 945 million cubic feet of natural gas during the year. Chevron also has operations in Colorado’s Piceance Basin.

North Dakota Chevron holds approximately 469,000 net acres in the Bakken shale play, located in the Williston Basin of North Dakota following its acquisition of Hess. During 2025, there were 121 wells drilled and 127 new wells brought online, bringing the total operated production wells to 1,967. In second-half 2025, net daily production in North Dakota averaged 99,000 barrels of crude oil, 62,000 barrels of NGLs and 260 million cubic feet of natural gas.

Chevron holds an approximately 38 percent consolidated ownership interest in Hess Midstream LP (HESM) following the acquisition of Hess. HESM provides fee-based services for Chevron and third-party customers in the Bakken. The midstream integrated infrastructure is primarily located in McKenzie, Williams, and Mountrail Counties, North Dakota, and Mentor, Minnesota. It includes a natural gas gathering and compression system, a crude oil gathering system and a produced water gathering and disposal system. Key facilities include the Tioga Gas Plant, 50 percent ownership of the Little Missouri 4 gas plant, the Mentor Propane Storage Terminal, the Ramberg Terminal crude oil facility, the Tioga Rail Terminal and a fleet of 550 crude oil rail cars. Additional infrastructure such as the Johnson’s Corner Header System and various connections to the Dakota Access Pipeline provide further crude oil export optionality.

California Chevron owns and operates between 87 and 100 percent interests in six fields in California including Kern River, Cymric/McKittrick, Midway Sunset, San Ardo, Coalinga and Lost Hills. In 2025, Chevron’s California average net 

10


daily oil-equivalent production was 63,000 barrels. Following Kern County’s reinstatement of drilling permit approvals, Chevron plans to undertake limited development drilling in 2026.

Gulf of America Chevron is the largest acreage holder in the Gulf of America, following its acquisition of Hess. During 2025, Chevron’s net daily production in the Gulf of America averaged 235,000 barrels of crude oil, 19,000 barrels of NGLs and 150 million cubic feet of natural gas. Net daily production from Hess legacy assets in second-half 2025 averaged 29,000 barrels of crude oil, 4,000 barrels of NGLs, and 48 million cubic feet of natural gas. Chevron is engaged in various operated and nonoperated exploration, development and production activities in the deepwater Gulf of America. Chevron also holds nonoperated interests in several shelf fields.

Chevron holds a 62.9 percent-owned and operated interest in the unit areas containing the Anchor Field located in the Green Canyon area. In 2025, Chevron completed the first full year of production safely utilizing its industry-leading high-pressure subsea technology, which helps produce energy from deeper reservoirs at higher pressures. An additional well was brought online during the year as a part of the initial Stage 1, seven-well subsea development, and a debottlenecking project was sanctioned to increase production capacity. The field has an estimated remaining production life of more than 25 years.

Chevron has a 60 percent-owned and operated interest in the Ballymore Field, located in the Mississippi Canyon area. The field has been developed as a three well, subsea tieback to the upgraded 75 percent-owned and operated Blind Faith facility. First oil was achieved in April 2025 and production reached design capacity ahead of schedule. The field has an estimated remaining production life of 20 years.

Chevron has a 60 percent-owned and operated interest in the Big Foot Field, located in the deepwater Walker Ridge area. Its platform supports an onboard, full-capacity drilling rig for development well drilling and future interventions. Production wells are equipped with electric submersible pumps. First oil was achieved from two additional development wells in 2025, and further development is planned in 2026. The field has an estimated remaining production life of more than 20 years.

Chevron has a 50 percent-owned and operated interest in the Jack Field, a 51 percent-owned and operated interest in the St. Malo Field and a 40.6 percent-owned and operated interest in the production host facility used for the joint development of both fields, all located in the Walker Ridge area. In 2025, two Jack development wells delivered first oil, and the St. Malo Stage 4 water injection operations continued. The Jack/St. Malo Stage 5 Project achieved first oil in December 2025. The Jack and St. Malo fields have an estimated remaining production life of more than 20 years.

Chevron has a 50 percent-owned and operated interest in the Stampede Field, located in the Green Canyon area, an increase of 25 percent following its acquisition of Hess and assumption of operatorship. In July 2025, the Black Pearl development well achieved first oil. The Stampede Field has an estimated remaining production life of more than 25 years.

Chevron has a 58 percent-owned and operated interest in the deepwater Tahiti Field, located in the Green Canyon area. In 2025, a development well workover was executed to deliver first oil from a shallower reservoir as water injection operations continued. The Tahiti Field has an estimated remaining production life of more than 15 years.

Chevron has a 42.5 percent nonoperated working interest in Green Canyon Block 584. In 2025, the operator announced an oil discovery at the Far South prospect in this Block, with an initial well and sidetrack drilled to a total depth of 23,830 feet. 

Chevron has a 15.6 percent nonoperated working interest in the deepwater Mad Dog Field, located in the Green Canyon area. The field consists of two production facilities: Spar A and Argos. In 2025, development at Spar A continued with the completion of the eleventh producing well, and development at Argos continued through the Mad Dog 2 project, which has completed 12 producing wells and five water injection wells to date. Argos development was further supported by the Argos Southwest Extension (ASWX) project, a three-well development with dual flowlines and a manifold tied back to the Argos subsea infrastructure, along with minor topside modifications to the Argos floating production unit. The ASWX project commenced production in 2025. The field has an estimated remaining production life of more than 40 years.

Chevron has a 37.5 percent nonoperated working interest in the Perdido Regional Host, which accommodates production from the Great White, Silvertip and Tobago fields in the Alaminos Canyon area. In 2025, four development wells and one water injection well in the Great White Field, where Chevron holds a 33.3 percent nonoperated working interest, were brought online. Also in 2025, development activities continued on the Silvertip Expansion Project, where Chevron has a 60 percent nonoperated working interest, with first oil expected in 2026. The Perdido asset has an estimated remaining production life of more than 15 years.

11


Chevron has a 41.5 percent nonoperated working interest in the deepwater Whale Field located in the Alaminos Canyon area. Whale consists of a 15-well subsea development and floating production unit. First production was achieved in January 2025, and nameplate capacity was reached in September as eight wells were brought online throughout the year. The field has an estimated remaining production life of more than 25 years.

In addition to Stampede, Chevron acquired further assets in the Gulf of America from Hess, including a 100 percent-owned and operated interest in the Pickerel Field, a 50 percent-owned and operated interest in the Baldpate and Penn State fields, a 38 percent-owned and operated interest in the Conger Field and an additional 57.1 percent-owned and operated interest in the Tubular Bells Field, taking its interest to 100 percent. Chevron also acquired a 50 percent nonoperated working interest in the Llano field, where a sidetrack well achieved first oil in 2025. 

In 2025, Chevron was the apparent high bidder on 24 exploration blocks in the Gulf of America Big Beautiful Gulf 1 Lease Sale.

Other Chevron has a 50 percent interest in Bayou Bend CCS LLC, a carbon dioxide transportation and sequestration affiliate that holds approximately 140,000 acres for carbon dioxide storage in Texas.

Chevron also owns a majority interest in ACES Delta, LLC, a joint venture developing the Advanced Clean Energy Storage Project in Delta, Utah. In 2025, hydrogen was produced and safely introduced into the salt cavern for storage at the ACES Delta site. Construction is complete, and the company is conducting final commissioning activities.

In 2025, Chevron advanced work on its first power project for data centers, which is expected to be supplied with gas from the Permian Basin in West Texas.

In 2025, Chevron also acquired approximately 135,000 net acres in the Smackover Formation in Northeast Texas and Southwest Arkansas for the purpose of exploring lithium development. 

Other Americas

“Other Americas” includes Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Guyana, Mexico, Peru, Suriname, Uruguay and Venezuela. Acreage for “Other Americas” can be found in the Acreage table. Net daily oil-equivalent production from these countries can be found in the Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas table.

Argentina Chevron has a 50 percent nonoperated interest in the Loma Campana and Narambuena concessions in the Vaca Muerta shale. At Loma Campana, 30 horizontal wells were drilled in 2025, including Argentina’s longest unconventional well that reached a total depth of approximately 27,480 feet and a record-setting 16,778 feet lateral; in total, 42 wells were put on production. The Loma Campana concession expires in 2048, while the Narambuena concession was extended in 2025 under a 35-year unconventional license, now expiring in 2060.

Chevron owns and operates a 100 percent interest in the El Trapial Field with focus on unconventional development in the Vaca Muerta formation and continuing conventional waterflood activities. The unconventional concession expires in 2057 and the conventional concession expires in 2032. 

Chevron has a 14 percent interest in the Oldelval pipeline system that provides an important export route for Argentina’s crude oil. During 2025, a majority of the company’s exported crude oil was transported through this pipeline system. Additionally, in 2025, Chevron joined the Vaca Muerta Sur pipeline project as a shareholder. The project involves the construction of a 437-kilometer pipeline from the Vaca Muerta oil fields to a new export terminal in Punta Colorada, Río Negro, featuring monobuoy loading systems and storage facilities. The pipeline is expected to be operational in 2027 and provide additional export capacity for the country.

Brazil Chevron holds a 35 percent nonoperated interest in two blocks in the Campos Basin and has exploration rights in 15 blocks in the North and South Pelotas basins. In 2025, Chevron secured nine additional offshore exploration blocks, six blocks with a 65 percent-owned and operated interest and three blocks with a 50 percent-owned and operated interest, in the Foz do Amazonas Basin through a government-conducted auction, opening a new exploration frontier for the company. In 2025, the company commenced a 3D seismic campaign to evaluate opportunities to develop the blocks.

Canada Upstream interests in Canada are concentrated in the offshore Atlantic region of Newfoundland and Labrador. The company also has interests in the Northeast British Columbia and the Beaufort Sea region of the Northwest Territories. 

Chevron has a 26.9 percent nonoperated working interest in the Hibernia Field and a 24.1 percent nonoperated working interest in the unitized Hibernia Southern Extension areas offshore Atlantic Canada. The company has a 29.6 percent nonoperated working interest in the Hebron Field, also offshore Atlantic Canada.

12


Colombia In 2025, Chevron relinquished a 40 percent-owned and operated interest in the offshore Colombia-3 Block.

Guyana Chevron has a 30 percent nonoperated interest in the Stabroek Block, offshore Guyana, covering approximately 6.6 million acres, following its acquisition of Hess. In August 2025, the One Guyana Floating Production, Storage and Offloading vessel (FPSO) with a production capacity of approximately 250,000 gross barrels of oil per day, achieved first production. This is the fourth producing FPSO on the Block, in addition to the existing Liza Destiny, Liza Unity and Prosperity vessels. It is expected that by 2030, eight FPSOs will be in production with an aggregate expected production capacity of approximately 1.7 million gross barrels of oil per day.

The fifth development, Uaru, sanctioned in April 2023, will utilize the Errea Wittu FPSO with a production capacity of approximately 250,000 gross barrels of oil per day with first production expected in 2026. 

The sixth development, Whiptail, sanctioned in April 2024, will utilize the Jaguar FPSO with a production capacity of approximately 250,000 gross barrels of oil per day with first production expected in 2027. 

The seventh development, Hammerhead, was sanctioned in September 2025 with an expected production capacity of approximately 150,000 gross barrels of oil per day with first production expected in 2029. 

Chevron has a 30 percent nonoperated interest in the 130-mile pipeline from the Liza Field to shore. This pipeline is expected to transport approximately 50 million standard cubic feet of natural gas per day to a 300 megawatt onshore power plant which, when complete, will be operated by the Government of Guyana.

Mexico All blocks in which Chevron had a participating interest were relinquished in 2023, awaiting official release from the government.

Peru In 2025, Chevron acquired a 35 percent nonoperated interest in exploration Blocks Z-61, Z-62 and Z-63 in the Trujillo Basin, offshore Peru. Seismic data is being analyzed for possible future exploratory drilling investment.

Suriname Chevron has a 40 percent-owned and operated working interest in shallow water Block 5 and an 80 percent-owned and operated interest in the shallow water Block 7. Chevron also holds a 66.6 percent nonoperated working interest in deepwater Block 42 which increased by 33.3 percent in 2025 due to the acquisition of Hess. 

Additionally in 2025, Chevron was awarded exploration acreage consisting of a 20 percent nonoperated interest in shallow water Block 9 and a 30 percent-owned and operated interest in shallow water Block 10.

Uruguay Chevron has a 60 percent-owned and operated interest in offshore exploration Block OFF-1. 

Venezuela Chevron’s interests in Venezuela are located in western Venezuela, the Orinoco Belt and offshore Venezuela. As of December 31, 2025, no proved reserves are recognized for these interests. In 2025, the company conducted activities in Venezuela consistent with the authorization provided pursuant to licenses issued by the United States government. 

Chevron has a 39.2 percent interest in Petroboscan, which operates the Boscan Field in western Venezuela, as well as a 25.2 percent interest in Petroindependiente, which operates the LL-652 Field in Lake Maracaibo with licenses that expire in 2041. Chevron has a 30 percent interest in Petropiar, which operates heavy oil production from Huyapari Field, processing output through its upgrader located in Anzoátegui that refines the oil to a lighter, high-quality synthetic crude oil or blends it with light oil to produce Merey crude, under an agreement expiring in 2047. Chevron has a 35.8 percent interest in Petroindependencia, which includes the Carabobo 3 heavy oil project located in three blocks in the Orinoco Belt under a contract expiring in 2050. 

Chevron also operates and holds a 60 percent interest in the Loran gas field offshore Venezuela. This is part of a cross- border field that includes the Manatee Field in Trinidad and Tobago. This license expires in 2039.

Africa

In Africa, the company is engaged in upstream activities in Angola, Cameroon, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Namibia and Nigeria. Acreage for Africa can be found in the Acreage table. Net daily oil-equivalent production from these countries can be found in the Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas table.

Angola The company operates and holds a 39.2 percent interest in Block 0, a concession adjacent to the Cabinda coastline that expires in 2050. In 2025, first oil was reached at the South N’Dola project located in Block 0.

Chevron also operates and holds a 31 percent interest in a Production Sharing Agreement (PSA) for deepwater Block 14. In 2025, the Block 14 partners and National Concessionaire signed an extension for an additional 10 years.

13


In 2025, Chevron signed a Heads of Agreement for an owned and operated interest in Block 33 offshore Angola in the deepwater lower Congo Basin. The formalization of this acquisition through the execution of the Risk Service Contract is pending regulatory approval.

In 2025, Chevron completed a seismic survey for Blocks 33, 49 and 50 offshore Angola in the deepwater lower Congo Basin to assess geological potential.

Chevron has a 36.4 percent shareholding in Angola LNG Limited, which operates an onshore natural gas liquefaction plant in Soyo, Angola. The plant has the capacity to process 1.1 billion cubic feet of natural gas per day. The natural gas is a byproduct of crude oil production. Feedstock for the plant originates from multiple fields and operators. 

Chevron owns a 31 percent nonoperated working interest in the New Gas Consortium Project (NGC). NGC is an offshore gas concession in which the Quiluma and Maboqueiro (Q&M) fields will be the first to be developed, with first production expected in 2026. The Q&M development includes two wellhead platforms and an onshore gas treatment plant with connections to the Angola LNG plant. Proved reserves have been recognized for this project.

Angola-Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) Joint Development Area Chevron has a 31 percent interest in a unitization and cross-border asset PSA with the Angola and DRC governments to explore Block 14/23 located in the Zone of Common Interest established between the Republic of Angola and DRC maritime area.

Angola-Republic of Congo (ROC) Joint Development Area Chevron holds a 15.5 percent nonoperated interest in the Lianzi Unitization Zone (Lianzi), which is located in an area shared equally by Angola and the ROC. This interest expires in 2031. In January 2025, Chevron sold its interest in the ROC portion of Lianzi, while retaining the Angolan portion.

Republic of Congo In January 2025, the company sold its 31.5 percent nonoperated interest in the offshore Haute Mer permit area. 

Cameroon Chevron has a 100 percent interest in the YoYo Block in the Douala Basin. Preliminary development plans include a possible joint development between the YoYo and Yolanda fields located in Equatorial Guinea Block I. 

Egypt Chevron has interests in blocks in the Mediterranean Sea. Following a farmdown in 2025, Chevron holds a 40 percent-owned and operated interest in North El Dabaa (Block 4), as well as a 45 percent-owned and operated interest in the Nargis Block and a 27 percent nonoperated working interest in North Cleopatra (Block 7). 

In 2025, the company relinquished its 45 percent-owned and operated interest in Block 1 in the Red Sea.

Equatorial Guinea Chevron has a 38 percent-owned and operated interest in the Aseng Field and the Yolanda Field in Block I and a 45 percent-owned and operated interest in the Alen Field in Block O. The Yolanda field is a discovered natural gas field that straddles the Equatorial Guinea and Cameroon maritime border, for which development options are being reviewed with both governments. 

The company also holds a 32.8 percent nonoperated interest in the Alba natural gas and condensate field that is located in shallow waters near Bioko Island.

Chevron holds interests in two processing facilities located in Punta Europa. These include a 28 percent nonoperated interest in the Alba LPG Plant and a 45 percent nonoperated interest in the Atlantic Methanol Production Company.

Chevron holds interests in two exploration acreage positions for Blocks EG-06 and EG-11, offshore Bioko Island.

Guinea-Bissau In 2025, Chevron was awarded a 90 percent working interest in frontier exploration Blocks 5B (Carapau) and 6B (Becuda), offshore Guinea-Bissau.

Libya In early 2026, Chevron was designated as the winning bidder for Contract Area 106 located in the Sirte Basin.

Namibia Following a farmdown in 2025, Chevron has a 52.5 percent-owned and operated interest in Petroleum Exploration License (PEL) 90 (Block 2813B) in the Orange Basin, offshore Namibia. In early 2025, Chevron acquired an 80 percent-owned and operated interest in PEL 82 (Blocks 2112B and 2212A) in the Walvis Basin.

Nigeria Chevron holds 40 percent interests in concessions across the onshore and shallow-offshore regions of the Niger Delta. The company also holds acreage positions in five operated and six nonoperated deepwater blocks, with working interests ranging from 20 to 100 percent. 

Chevron operates and holds a 67.3 percent working interest in the Agbami Field, which straddles deepwater Petroleum Mining Lease (PML) 52 and Oil Mining License (OML) 128. PML 52 expires in 2044, and OML 128 expires in 2042. Additionally, Chevron holds a 30 percent nonoperated working interest in the Usan Field in OML 138 that expires in 2042. 

14


In deepwater exploration, Chevron operates and holds a 55 percent working interest in the Nsiko discovery in OML 140 and a 100 percent working interest in the Aparo discovery in OML 132. Chevron also holds a 27 percent nonoperated working interest in OML 139 and OML 154, and the company continues to work with the operator to evaluate development options for the multiple deepwater discoveries in the Usan area, including the Owowo Field, which straddles OML 139 and OML 154. The development plan for the Owowo Field involves a subsea tie-back to the existing Usan floating, production, storage and offloading vessel. At the end of 2025, no proved reserves were recognized for this project.

Also, in the deepwater area, the third-party-operated Bonga South West Aparo Field in OML 118 straddles both OML 132 and OML 140. Chevron holds a 16.6 percent nonoperated working interest in the unitized area. The development plan involves subsea wells tied back to a floating production, storage and offloading vessel. At the end of 2025, no proved reserves were recognized for this project.

In 2025, Chevron discovered hydrocarbons in two exploration and appraisal wells in the Delta South-AA in PML 46 and the Awodi-07 in Petroleum Prospecting License (PPL) 263 in shallow offshore Nigeria.  These wells provided additional data to support ongoing evaluation of development options. Chevron also holds a 40 percent-owned and operated working interest in Oil Prospecting License (OPL) 215 that covers 256,000 net acres. Chevron signed agreements to acquire 40 percent nonoperated working interest in PPL 2000/2001, with close anticipated in 2026.

Chevron operates the Escravos Gas Plant, which has a total processing capacity of 680 million cubic feet per day of natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas and condensate export capacity of 58,000 barrels per day. The company operates the 33,000-barrel-per-day Escravos Gas to Liquids facility. In addition, the company holds a 36.9 percent interest in the West African Gas Pipeline Company Limited affiliate, which supplies Nigerian natural gas to customers in Benin, Togo and Ghana.

Asia

In Asia, the company is engaged in upstream activities in Bangladesh, China, Cyprus, Indonesia, Israel, Kazakhstan, the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, Malaysia, Russia and Thailand. Acreage for Asia can be found in the Acreage table. Net daily oil-equivalent production for these countries can be found in the Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas table. 

Bangladesh Chevron Bangladesh operates and holds 100 percent interest in Block 12 (Bibiyana field) and Blocks 13 and 14 (Jalalabad and Moulavi Bazar fields) under two Production Sharing Contracts (PSCs). The rights to produce from Bibiyana and Jalalabad expire in 2034 and from Moulavi Bazar in 2038.

China Chevron has a 49 percent nonoperated working interest in the Chuandongbei project, including the Luojiazhai and Gunziping natural gas fields located onshore in the Sichuan Basin, with the PSC expiring in 2038. In the Pearl River Mouth Basin, the company previously held a 32.7 percent nonoperated working interest in Block 16/19, where production ceased in April 2025.

Cyprus The company holds a 35 percent-owned and operated interest in the Aphrodite gas field in Block 12 under a PSC, with an exploitation license that expires in 2044. In January 2026, the company successfully entered FEED (Front End Engineering Design) in alignment with the PSC project milestone in the approved development and production plan. 

Indonesia Chevron is participating in an early phase exploration study managed by a joint venture at the Way Ratai geothermal working area in Lampung.

Israel Chevron holds a 39.7 percent-owned and operated interest in the Leviathan Field, which operates under a concession that expires in 2044. A third gathering pipeline is under construction and is expected to increase gas production capacity from approximately 1.2 to 1.4 billion cubic feet per day from the Leviathan reservoir. This pipeline is scheduled for completion in early 2026. In early 2026, Chevron reached final investment decision (FID) to invest in the Leviathan Expansion Phase 1 Project that is expected to increase Leviathan’s upstream production capacity to 2.1 billion cubic feet per day. 

The company also holds a 25 percent-owned and operated interest in the Tamar gas field, which operates under a concession that expires in 2038. Phase 1 of the Tamar Optimization Project included installation of a new pipeline to increase delivery capacity to the processing platform, allowing for production capacity at the platform to increase from approximately 1.0 billion to 1.2 billion cubic feet per day. First gas was achieved in early 2026. Phase 2 of the Tamar Optimization Project, approved in February 2024, is expected to further increase capacity up to approximately 1.6 billion 

15


cubic feet of gas per day and includes investment in additional midstream infrastructure. This project is scheduled for completion in the first half of 2026.

In 2025, Chevron signed an agreement to develop the Nitzana natural gas pipeline to transport gas from both Leviathan and Tamar fields to Egypt. The pipeline capacity is expected to reach 0.6 billion cubic feet per day and scheduled for completion in 2028.

Kazakhstan Chevron has a 50 percent interest in the TCO affiliate and an 18 percent nonoperated working interest in the Karachaganak field.

TCO operates the Tengiz and Korolev crude oil fields in western Kazakhstan under a concession agreement that expires in 2033. Most of TCO’s 2025 crude oil production was exported through the Caspian Pipeline Consortium (CPC) pipeline. In 2025, TCO completed the Future Growth Project (FGP) at the Tengiz oil field, which increased crude oil production by 260,000 barrels per day with a total gross output of one million barrels of oil-equivalent per day. 

The Karachaganak field is located in Northwest Kazakhstan, and operations are conducted under a PSA that expires in 2038. During 2025, a majority of the exported liquids were transported through the CPC pipeline. In 2025, the Karachaganak Expansion Project Stage 1A facility scope was fully completed and Stage 1B development is expected to complete in the second half of 2026. Both projects are designed to increase gas re-injection capacity and extend stable field production. Proved reserves have been recognized for both projects. 

Kazakhstan/Russia Chevron has a 15 percent interest in CPC. Through 2025, CPC transported an average of 1.5 million barrels of crude oil per day, composed of 1.4 million barrels per day from Kazakhstan and 0.1 million barrels per day from Russia.

Kurdistan Region of Iraq In 2025, Chevron completed exit agreements and withdrew from the country.

Malaysia Following the acquisition of Hess, Chevron has a 50 percent-owned and operated interest in Blocks PM302 and PM325 located in the North Malay Basin and a 50 percent interest in Block PM301, which has been unitized within the nonoperated Malaysia/Thailand Joint Development Area.

Malaysia/Thailand Joint Development Area (JDA) During 2025, the JDA Block A-18, acquired through the acquisition of Hess, was sold. 

Partitioned Zone Chevron holds a concession to operate the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s 50 percent interest in the hydrocarbon resources in the onshore and nearshore area of the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. The concession expires in 2046. In 2025, the NWWB-2 appraisal well was drilled and completed, helping further assess resources discovered in 2024, and making a new oil discovery north of the Wafra Field.

Thailand Chevron holds operated interests in the Pattani Basin, located in the Gulf of Thailand, with ownership ranging from 35 percent to 71.2 percent. Concessions for producing areas within this basin expire between 2030 and 2038. Chevron has a 35 percent-owned and operated interest in the Pailin Field in Block B12/27, and a 51.7 percent-owned and operated interest in the Benchamas and Maliwan field in Block B8/32. In December 2025, the government approved the 10-year extension of the Pailin Field (Block 12/27) to 2038. Chevron also has a 16 percent nonoperated working interest in the Arthit field located in the Malay Basin. Concessions for the producing areas within this basin expire between 2036 and 2040. Following a farmdown in 2025, Chevron also has a 70 percent-owned and operated exploration and production license for Block G2/65, which covers 2.6 million net acres.

Chevron holds between 16 to 80 percent operated and nonoperated working interests in the Thailand-Cambodia Overlapping Claims Area that are inactive, pending resolution of border issues between Thailand and Cambodia.

Australia

Chevron is the largest producer of LNG in Australia. Acreage can be found in the Acreage table. Net daily oil-equivalent production can be found in the Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas table.

Upstream activities in Australia are concentrated offshore Western Australia, where the company is the operator of two major LNG projects, Gorgon and Wheatstone, and has a nonoperated working interest in the North West Shelf (NWS) Venture and exploration acreage in the Carnarvon Basin.

Chevron holds a 47.3 percent-owned and operated interest in Gorgon on Barrow Island, which includes the development of the Gorgon and Jansz-Io fields, a three-train 15.6 million-metric-ton-per-year LNG facility, a carbon capture and 

16


underground storage facility and a domestic gas plant. Progress on the Jansz-Io Compression project continued during 2025, with first gas expected in 2028. In 2025, FID was reached on the Gorgon Stage 3 Project to develop additional backfill fields, Geryon and Eurytion, with first gas expected in 2029. As part of this decision, Chevron completed a farmdown for the permit area WA-22-R to 47.3 percent to align interests with the Gorgon Project partners. Proved reserves have been recognized for both of these projects. Gorgon’s estimated remaining economic life exceeds 40 years.

Chevron holds a 80.2 percent interest in the offshore licenses and a 64.1 percent-owned and operated interest in the LNG facilities associated with Wheatstone. Wheatstone includes the development of the Wheatstone and Iago fields, a two-train, 8.9 million-metric-ton-per-year LNG facility and a domestic gas plant. The onshore facilities are located at Ashburton North on the coast of Western Australia. In 2025, Wheatstone marked its 1,000th LNG shipment since commencement of the project in 2017. Wheatstone’s estimated remaining economic life exceeds 14 years.

Chevron holds a 16.7 percent nonoperated working interest in the NWS Venture in Western Australia. In 2024, the company agreed to an asset swap of its 16.7 percent interest in the NWS Project, NWS Oil Project and its 20 percent interest in Angel Carbon Capture and Storage Project with Woodside’s 13 percent nonoperated interest in the Wheatstone Project and 65 percent operated interest in the Julimar-Brunello fields and related infrastructure, which is expected to close in 2026, subject to customary closing conditions and regulations.

Chevron holds a 57.1 percent-owned and operated interest in the Barrow Island Joint Venture (known as WA Oil). In May 2025, the Barrow Island oil field ceased production and entered the decommissioning phase. 

The company continues to evaluate exploration and appraisal activity across the North Carnarvon Basin, in which it holds approximately 2.6 million net acres. Chevron owns and operates the Clio, Acme and Acme West fields. This activity includes the evaluation of opportunities to develop resources, such as Clio, Acme, and Acme West through existing infrastructure.

Chevron holds operated and nonoperated working interests ranging from 20 to 70 percent in five greenhouse gas assessment permits to evaluate the potential of carbon dioxide storage. The blocks, including four in the Carnarvon Basin off the northwestern coast of Western Australia and one in the Bonaparte Basin offshore Northern Territory, total nearly 10.2 million gross acres. This acreage includes the Angel Carbon Capture and Storage Project, which is subject to the asset swap mentioned above. 

Europe

In Europe, the company is engaged in upstream activities in Greece and the United Kingdom. Acreage can be found in the Acreage table. Net daily oil-equivalent production for these countries can be found in the Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas table. 

Greece In early 2026, Chevron was awarded four deep-sea blocks off the Peloponnese peninsula and the island of Crete.

United Kingdom Chevron holds a 19.4 percent nonoperated working interest in the Clair Field, located west of the Shetland Islands. The Clair Field consists of two platform drilling centers: the original Clair Phase 1 and a later added Clair Ridge center. The company is assessing alternatives to develop further resources in the area. The Clair Field has an estimated remaining production life extending beyond 2050. 

Sales of Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas 

The company sells NGLs and natural gas from its producing operations under a variety of contractual arrangements. In addition, the company also makes third-party purchases and sales of NGLs and natural gas in connection with its supply and trading activities. 

U.S. and international sales of NGLs averaged 562,000 and 249,000 barrels per day, respectively, in 2025. 

During 2025, U.S. and international sales of natural gas averaged 5.7 billion and 5.5 billion cubic feet per day, respectively, which includes the company’s share of equity affiliates’ sales. Outside the United States, substantially all of the natural gas sales from the company’s producing interests are from operations in Angola, Australia, Bangladesh, China, Equatorial Guinea, Israel, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, Nigeria and Thailand. 

Refer to Selected Operating Data in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further information on the company’s sales volumes of NGLs and natural gas. Refer also to Delivery Commitments for information related to the company’s delivery commitments for the sale of crude oil and natural gas.

17


Downstream

Refining Operations

At the end of 2025, the company had a refining network capable of processing 1.8 million barrels per day. Operable capacity at December 31, 2025, and daily refinery inputs for the company and affiliate refineries for 2023 through 2025, are summarized in the table below. Average crude unit distillation capacity utilization was 92.9 percent in 2025 and 87.9 percent in 2024.

At U.S. refineries, crude unit distillation capacity utilization, which includes all crude oil and other inputs, averaged 94.5 percent in 2025, compared with 86.6 percent in 2024. Chevron processes both imported and domestic crude oil in its U.S. refining operations. Imported crude oil accounted for approximately 60 percent of Chevron’s U.S. refinery inputs in both 2025 and 2024.

In the United States, the company continued work on projects aimed at improving refinery flexibility and reliability. In 2025, the expansion of the Pasadena Refinery became fully operational, increasing light crude oil throughput capacity to 125,000 barrels per day. This project allowed the company to process more equity crude from the Permian Basin, supply more products to customers in the U.S. Gulf Coast and realize synergies with the company’s Pascagoula Refinery.

Outside the United States, the company has interests in three large refineries in Singapore, South Korea and Thailand. Singapore Refining Company (SRC), a 50 percent-owned joint venture, has a total capacity of 290,000 barrels of crude per day and manufactures a wide range of petroleum products. The 50 percent-owned GS Caltex (GSC) Yeosu Refinery in South Korea remains one of the world’s largest refineries with a total crude capacity of 800,000 barrels per day. The company’s 60.6 percent-owned refinery in Thailand, Star Petroleum Refining Public Company Limited (SPRC), continues to supply high-quality petroleum products into regional markets.

Petroleum Refineries: Locations, Capacities and Crude Unit Inputs

Capacities and inputs in thousands of barrels per dayDecember 31, 2025Refinery Crude Unit Inputs*

Locations Number Operable Capacity 202520242023

PascagoulaMississippi1 369 365 337 355 

El SegundoCalifornia1 290 261 224 232 

RichmondCalifornia1 257 253 242 236 

PasadenaTexas1 125 110 65 84 

Salt Lake CityUtah1 58 49 49 55 

Total Consolidated Companies — United States 5 1,099 1,038 917962

Map Ta PhutThailand1 175 163 160 153 

Total Consolidated Companies — International 1 175 163 160 153

YeosuSouth Korea1 400 365 369 367 

Pulau MerlimauSingapore1 145 124 117 116 

Total Affiliates2 545 489 486 483 

Total Including Affiliates — International 3 720 652 646 636 

Total Including Affiliates — Worldwide 8 1,819 1,690 1,563 1,598 

* Includes crude oil and all other feedstocks to the crude distillation units.

Renewable Fuels

The company develops, produces and sells renewable fuels, including but not limited to renewable diesel, biodiesel, renewable natural gas (RNG), and sustainable aviation fuel (SAF). 

Chevron owns and operates 11 biofuel refineries located in the U.S. and Germany, including eight producing biodiesel, one producing renewable diesel and two others that remained idle in 2025. In 2025, the company began production and continues ramp-up at its Geismar renewable diesel plant in Louisiana, following an expansion to increase plant capacity from 7,000 to 22,000 barrels per day.

Chevron holds a 50 percent working interest in Bunge Chevron Ag Renewables LLC, which produces soybean oil from processing facilities in Destrehan, Louisiana, and Cairo, Illinois. Soybean oil can be used as a renewable feedstock to make renewable diesel, biodiesel and sustainable aviation fuel. A new oilseed processing plant in Louisiana is expected to begin operations in 2026.

18


In early 2025, Chevron acquired the remaining equity of Brightmark RNG Holdings LLC and renamed the company to Chevron RNG Holdings LLC (Chevron RNG). Chevron continues to advance its dairy biomethane activities through Chevron RNG and investments in CalBioGas LLC and CalBioGas Hilmar LLC (collectively, CalBioGas investments). Chevron’s wholly-owned and operated renewable gas assets include 26 anaerobic digester facilities (25 operational, one under construction) in nine U.S. states that capture methane from manure at dairy farms and process it into natural gas. CalBioGas investments have 29 anaerobic digester projects at dairy farms in California producing natural gas or directly supplying electricity.

Chevron sells RNG to third parties and through Chevron’s network of 67 compressed natural gas (CNG) stations under the Chevron and Beyond6 brands.

Chevron has successfully demonstrated the ability to produce both renewable diesel and SAF at its El Segundo Refinery, with the flexibility to switch between traditional fuels and renewables dependent upon market conditions. 

Marketing Operations

The company markets petroleum products under the principal brands of “Chevron,” “Texaco” and “Caltex” throughout many parts of the world. The following table identifies the company’s and its affiliates’ refined products sales volumes, excluding intercompany sales, for the three years ended December 31, 2025.

Refined Products Sales Volumes

Thousands of barrels per day202520242023

United States

Gasoline1

685 667642

Jet Fuel278 255260

Diesel/Gas Oil1

216 213227

Fuel Oil41 5444

Other Petroleum Products2

97 97114

Total United States1,317 1,286 1,287 

International3

Gasoline388 382353

Jet Fuel223 229234

Diesel/Gas Oil1

483 479472

Fuel Oil174 182161

Other Petroleum Products2

216 223225

Total International 1,484 1,495 1,445 

Total Worldwide3 

2,801 2,781 2,732 

1 Includes renewable fuel sales:

23 4044

2 Principally naphtha, lubricants, asphalt and coke. 

3 Includes share of affiliates’ sales: 

384 386389

 In the United States, the company markets primarily under the principal brands of “Chevron” and “Texaco.” At year-end 2025, the company supplied directly or through retailers and marketers approximately 8,600 Chevron- and Texaco-branded service stations, primarily in the southern and western states. Approximately 380 of these outlets are company-owned or company-leased stations.

Outside the United States, Chevron supplied directly or through retailers and marketers approximately 5,200 branded service stations, including affiliates. The company markets using the Chevron and Texaco brands in Latin America and the Caltex brand in the Asia-Pacific region. In South Korea, the company operates through its 50 percent-owned affiliate, GSC. 

Chevron markets commercial aviation fuel to 58 airports worldwide. The company markets base oil globally under the Chevron and Nexbase brands and markets lubricant and coolant products under the Chevron, Texaco and Caltex brands.

Chemicals Operations 

Chevron Oronite Company develops, manufactures and markets performance additives for lubricating oils and fuels and conducts research and development for additive component and blended packages. At the end of 2025, the company manufactured, blended or conducted research at 11 locations around the world. 

Chevron owns a 50 percent interest in Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC (CPChem). CPChem produces olefins, polyolefins and alpha olefins and is a supplier of aromatics and polyethylene pipe, in addition to participating in the 

19


specialty chemical and specialty plastics markets. At the end of 2025, CPChem owned or had joint-venture interests in 29 manufacturing facilities and two research and development centers around the world.

CPChem has two major integrated polymer projects under construction, the Golden Triangle Polymers Project in Orange, Texas, for which CPChem holds a 51 percent-owned and operated interest and the Ras Laffan Petrochemical Project in Ras Laffan, Qatar, for which CPChem holds a 30 percent nonoperated working interest. Start-up for both projects is expected in the first half of 2027. CPChem completed the Low Viscosity Poly Alpha Olefin Expansion Project at the CPChem Beringen, Belgium site in 2025. 

Chevron is also involved in the petrochemical business through the operations of GSC, the company’s 50 percent-owned affiliate in South Korea. GSC manufactures aromatics, including benzene, toluene and xylene. These base chemicals are used to produce a range of products, including adhesives, plastics and textile fibers. GSC also produces olefins, which are used to make automotive and home appliance parts, food packaging, laboratory equipment, building materials, adhesives, paint and textiles.

Transportation 

Pipelines Chevron owns and operates a network of crude oil, natural gas and product pipelines and other infrastructure assets in the United States. In 2025, Chevron acquired further pipeline infrastructure through its acquisition of Hess. Refer to the United States - Hess Midstream in the Upstream section above for more information related to these assets. In addition, Chevron operates pipelines for its 50 percent-owned CPChem affiliate. The company also has direct and indirect interests in other U.S. and international pipelines. 

Refer to Nigeria and Kazakhstan/Russia in the Upstream section for information on the West African Gas Pipeline and the CPC.

Shipping The company’s marine fleet includes both U.S. and foreign flagged vessels. The operated fleet consists of conventional crude tankers, product carriers and LNG vessels. These vessels transport crude oil, LNG, refined products and feedstock in support of the company’s global upstream and downstream businesses. In 2025, Chevron completed upgrades to four LNG vessels aimed at reducing emissions.

Other Businesses 

Technology, Projects and Execution (TPE) Chevron’s TPE organization centralizes technical expertise to drive innovation, ensure disciplined project execution, and promote operational excellence across the company, supporting the delivery of more affordable, reliable and cleaner energy solutions. Areas of expertise include advanced technology development and deployment, digital and data science, facilities engineering, reserve governance and reporting, capital projects execution and global procurement. TPE specializes in maintaining a strong safety culture and environmental stewardship by proactively managing risks, sustaining compliance, and protecting people, assets and communities. 

TPE also includes the company’s information technology organization, which integrates computing, data management and analytics, cybersecurity and other key infrastructure technologies to provide a digital foundation to enable Chevron’s global operations, projects and business processes.

The organization is focused on technologies that are ready to adopt and scale today, as well as breakthrough technologies in support of its oil, natural gas and products and new energies businesses, including shale and tight recovery, deepwater development, lowering the carbon intensity of heavy oil, advancing facilities of the future, renewable fuels, carbon capture, utilization and storage, hydrogen and geothermal energy.

Chevron leverages its expertise to undertake research and development to advance energy solutions. The company holds more than 4,000 patents for new technologies, with nearly 3,400 additional patents pending, making Chevron one of the leading U.S. patent holders in the industry. 

Collaboration is increasingly important to close innovation gaps and integrate emerging technologies into existing energy value chains. Chevron works with startups, universities, national laboratories, joint ventures and service companies to explore, evaluate and scale solutions. The Chevron Technology Ventures (CTV) unit identifies and invests in externally developed technologies and new business solutions with the potential to enhance the way Chevron produces and delivers affordable, reliable and lower carbon energy. CTV has more than 26 years of being the primary on-ramp for early-stage, external innovation into Chevron, including venture investing, with 10 funds that have supported more than 140 startups. Chevron also makes investments indirectly through a few select limited partnership funds.

20


Chevron is applying artificial intelligence (AI) to drive productivity, efficiency and value to its global operations. The company is building high-impact use cases leveraging its extensive data and insights and collaborating with others to access AI solutions to help unlock value. In an effort to ensure its AI systems are reliable and effective, the company is employing processes to assess its capabilities, limitations and readiness. Chevron is a member of the Responsible AI institute, a consortium focused on integrating AI responsibly while safeguarding human values.

Some of the investments the company makes in the areas described above are in new or unproven technologies and business processes; therefore, the ultimate technical or commercial successes of these investments are not certain. Refer to Note 27 Other Financial Information for quantification of the company’s research and development expenses.

New Energies The new energies organization is focused on developing new businesses with the aim to support the company’s objectives to lower the carbon intensity of its operations and enable growth opportunities with the potential to generate competitive returns. These include additional fuel solutions utilizing hydrogen and its derivatives such as ammonia, carbon emissions management through carbon capture and storage and offsets, and power generation for data centers. The company is also pursuing opportunities in other emerging areas, including enhanced geothermal to deliver non-intermittent lower carbon power, and lithium extraction primarily for energy storage applications.

Environmental Protection The company designs, operates and maintains its facilities to avoid potential spills or leaks and to minimize the impact of those that may occur. Chevron requires its facilities and operations to have operating processes and emergency response plans that address significant risks identified through site-specific risk and impact assessments. Chevron also requires that sufficient resources be available to execute these plans. In the unlikely event that a major spill or leak occurs, Chevron also maintains a Worldwide Emergency Response Team comprised of employees who are trained in various aspects of emergency response, including post-incident remediation. 

To complement the company’s capabilities, Chevron maintains active membership in international oil spill response cooperatives, including the Marine Spill Response Corporation, which operates in U.S. territorial waters, and Oil Spill Response, Ltd., which operates globally. The company is a founding member of the Marine Well Containment Company, whose primary mission is to expediently deploy containment equipment and systems to capture and contain crude oil in the unlikely event of a future loss of control of a deepwater well in the Gulf of America. In addition, the company is a member of the Subsea Well Response Project, which has the objective to further develop the industry’s capability to contain and shut in subsea well control incidents in different regions of the world. 

The company aims to lower the carbon intensity of its oil and gas operations and comply with the related laws and regulations to which it is subject. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion of government action with respect to greenhouse gas and climate change and the associated risks to Chevron’s business. Refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations in Business Environment and Outlook on pages 35 through 37 for further discussion of climate change related trends and uncertainties. 

Refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations on page 55 for additional information on environmental matters and their impact on Chevron, and on the company’s 2025 environmental expenditures. Refer to page 54 and Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments for a discussion of environmental remediation provisions and year-end reserves.

## 1A_RiskFactors

Item 1A. Risk Factors

As a global energy company, Chevron is subject to a variety of risks. The following disclosures reflect our beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past or their likelihood of occurring in the future.

BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL RISK FACTORS 

Chevron is exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices Chevron is primarily in a commodities business that has a history of price volatility. The most significant factor that affects the company’s results of operations are the prices of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids, which can be influenced by general economic conditions and level of economic growth, including low or negative growth; industry production and inventory levels; technology advancements, including those in pursuit of a lower carbon economy; production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries or other producers; weather-related damage and disruptions due to other natural or human causes beyond our control; competing fuel prices; geopolitical risks; the pace of energy transition; customer and 

consumer preferences and the use of substitutes; and governmental regulations, policies and other actions regarding the development of oil and gas reserves, as well as greenhouse gas emissions and climate change. Chevron evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as a core part of its business planning process. An investment in the company carries significant exposure to fluctuations in global prices of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids.

Extended periods of low prices or demand for crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids have had, and in the future can have, a material adverse impact on the company’s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Among other things, the company’s upstream earnings, cash flows, and capital expenditure programs could be negatively affected, as could its production and proved reserves. Upstream assets may also become impaired. Downstream earnings could be negatively affected because they depend upon the supply and demand for refined products and the associated margins on refined product sales. A significant or sustained decline in liquidity could adversely affect the company’s credit ratings, potentially increase financing costs and reduce access to capital markets. The company may be unable to realize anticipated cost savings, expenditure reductions and asset sales that are intended to compensate for such downturns, and such downturns may also slow the pace and scale at which we are able to invest in our business, including our New Energies businesses. In some cases, transferred liabilities, including for decommissioning of previously divested assets, have returned and may continue to return to the company when an acquirer of those assets subsequently defaults on the assumed transferred liabilities (e.g., bankruptcy). In addition, extended periods of low commodity prices can have a material adverse impact on the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity of the company’s suppliers, vendors, partners and equity affiliates upon which the company’s own results of operations and financial condition depend.

The scope of Chevron’s business will decline if the company does not successfully develop resources The company is in an extractive business; therefore, if it is not successful in replacing the crude oil and natural gas it produces with good prospects for future organic opportunities or through acquisitions, exploration or technology, the company’s business will decline. Creating and maintaining an inventory of economic projects depends on many factors, including obtaining and renewing rights to explore, develop and produce hydrocarbons; drilling success; reservoir optimization; technology advancements; ability to bring long-lead-time, capital-intensive projects to completion on budget and on schedule; partner alignment, including strategic support; and efficient and profitable operation of mature properties. 

The company’s operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control Chevron operates in both urban areas and remote and sometimes inhospitable regions. The company’s operations are therefore subject to disruption from natural or human causes beyond its control, including risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, heat waves, and other forms of severe weather; wildfires; ambient temperature increases; sea level rise; war or other military conflicts such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East; accidents; civil unrest; political events such as current geopolitical tensions in Venezuela; fires; earthquakes; system failures; cyber threats; terrorist acts; and epidemic or pandemic diseases, some of which may be impacted by climate change and any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment.

Chevron’s risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. While capital investment reviews and decisions incorporate potential ranges of physical risks such as storm severity and frequency, sea level rise, air and water temperature, precipitation, fresh water access, wind speed, and earthquake severity, among other factors, it is difficult to predict with certainty the timing, frequency or severity of such events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. 

Cyberattacks and events affecting Chevron’s operational technology networks or other digital infrastructure could have a material adverse impact on the company’s business and results of operations There are numerous and evolving risks to Chevron’s cybersecurity and privacy from cyber threat actors, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage and employee malfeasance. These cyber threat actors, whether internal or external to Chevron, are becoming more sophisticated and coordinated in their attempts to access the company’s information technology (IT) systems and data, including the IT systems of cloud providers and other third parties with whom the company conducts business through, without limitation, malicious software; data breaches by employees, insiders or others with authorized access; cyber or phishing-attacks; ransomware; attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems; and other electronic security breaches. The cyber risk landscape changes over time due to a variety of internal and external factors, including during organizational changes, relocating work to international geographies, or other corporate transactions; political tensions; war or other military conflicts; or civil unrest. Although Chevron devotes significant resources to prevent unwanted intrusions and to protect its systems and data, whether such data is housed internally or by external third parties, the company has experienced and will continue to experience cyber incidents of varying degrees in the conduct of its 

business. Cyber threat actors could compromise the company’s operational technology networks or other critical systems and infrastructure, resulting in disruptions to its business operations, injury to people, harm to the environment or its assets, disruptions in access to its financial reporting systems, or loss, misuse or corruption of its critical data and proprietary information, including without limitation its intellectual property and business information and that of its employees, customers, partners and other third parties. Any of the foregoing can be exacerbated by a delay or failure to detect a cyber incident or the full extent of such incident. Further, the company is increasingly experiencing cyber incidents related to its third-party vendors. Some third-party vendors house the company’s critical data and proprietary information on their IT systems, including the cloud; others have access to Chevron’s IT systems or provide software through which threat actors could gain access or introduce malware to Chevron’s IT systems. Our use of third-party software, services and support may also result in unintentional, non-malicious events or outages that affect our ability to operate critical business systems. Regardless of the precise method or form, events affecting our networks or digital infrastructure could result in significant financial losses, legal or regulatory violations, reputational harm, and legal liability and could ultimately have a material adverse effect on the company’s business and results of operations.

Chevron is incorporating artificial intelligence technologies into its processes and these technologies may present business, compliance, and reputational risks The company is increasingly utilizing artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies in certain of its processes, information systems and various operations, and expects that AI will assume a more critical role in its operations over time.  The use of AI technologies introduces certain risks to the company, including potential dependency on biased or incorrect AI outputs, new or enhanced regulatory requirements, litigation, privacy risks, cybersecurity risks, reputational harm, liability or other adverse consequences, any of which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, other unforeseen risks stemming from either the company’s or third-party service providers’ use and development of AI tools and technologies, or the company’s inability to adopt such technologies at the same pace as its competitors, may arise in the future that could adversely affect its business and results of operations. 

The company’s operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight Chevron’s results depend on its ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent to operating in the energy industry. The company seeks to minimize these operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair our ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability and/or disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, standards, processes and systems, behaviors and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. In certain situations where Chevron is not the operator, the company may have limited influence and control over third parties, which may limit its ability to manage and control such risks. 

The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure The company does not have commercial insurance or third-party indemnities to fully cover all operational risks or potential liability in the event of a significant incident or series of incidents causing catastrophic loss. As a result, the company is, to a substantial extent, self-insured for such events. The company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from such an event or series of events. The occurrence of a significant incident, series of events, or unforeseen liability for which the company is self-insured, not fully insured or for which insurance recovery is significantly delayed could have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations or financial condition. 

The acquisition of Hess may cause Chevron’s financial results to differ from the company’s expectations or the expectations of the investment community, the company may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, and the acquisition may disrupt the company’s current plans or operations The success of the acquisition of Hess, which closed in July 2025, will depend, in part, on Chevron’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits, including the anticipated run-rate cost synergies, estimated five-year production and free cash flow growth rates, and anticipated higher returns to shareholders over the long-term. Failure to realize anticipated synergies in the expected timeframe, operational challenges, the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns, and unforeseen expenses associated with the acquisition may have an adverse impact on our financial results.

23


One of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of a publicly traded limited partnership, Hess Midstream LP, which may involve a potential legal liability One of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of Hess Midstream, a publicly traded limited partnership. Our control of the general partner of Hess Midstream may increase the possibility that we could be subject to claims of breach of duties owed to Hess Midstream, including claims of conflict of interest. Any liability resulting from such claims could have an adverse impact on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

LEGAL, REGULATORY AND ESG-RELATED RISK FACTORS

Chevron’s business subjects the company to liability risks from litigation or government action The company produces, transports, refines and markets potentially hazardous materials, and it purchases, handles and disposes of other potentially hazardous materials in the course of its business. Chevron’s operations also produce byproducts, which may be considered pollutants. Often these operations are conducted through joint ventures over which the company may have limited influence and control. Any of these activities could result in liability or significant delays in operations arising from private litigation or government action. For example, liability or delays could result from an accidental, unlawful discharge or from new conclusions about the effects of the company’s current or former operations or products on human health or the environment. It is also possible that such liability could be imposed without regard to the company’s causation of or contribution to the asserted damage, or to other mitigating factors. 

For information concerning some of the litigation in which the company is involved, see Note 16 Litigation.

Political instability and significant changes in the legal and regulatory environment could harm Chevron’s business The company’s operations, particularly exploration and production, can be affected by changing political, regulatory and economic environments in the various countries in which it operates. As has occurred in the past, actions could be taken by governments to increase public ownership of the company’s partially or wholly owned businesses, to force contract renegotiations, or to impose additional taxes, tariffs, royalties, fees, penalties or other costs. In a number of locations, including the European Union, governments have proposed or imposed direct and indirect obligations with respect to the company’s activities, trade, taxes, and public disclosures, as well as currency exchange controls that might harm the company’s competitiveness, return on investments, or relations with other governments or third parties. In other countries, political conditions have existed that may threaten the safety of employees and the company’s continued presence in those countries, and internal unrest, acts of violence or strained relations between a government and the company or other governments may adversely affect the company’s operations. Those developments have, at times, significantly affected the company’s operations and results and are carefully considered by management when evaluating the level of current and future activity in such countries. Further, Chevron is required to comply with sanctions and other trade laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions where we operate, such as sanctions imposed in Venezuela and Russia, which, depending upon their scope, could adversely impact the company’s operations and financial results in these countries. In addition, litigation or changes in national, state or local environmental regulations or laws, including those designed to stop or impede the development or production of oil and gas, such as those related to the use of hydraulic fracturing or bans on drilling, or any law or regulation that impacts the demand for our products, could adversely affect the company’s current or anticipated future operations and profitability. 

Legislative or regulatory changes in tax laws may expose Chevron to additional tax liabilities Changes in tax laws and regulations around the world are regularly enacted due to political or economic factors beyond the company’s control. Chevron’s taxes in the jurisdictions where the company conducts business activities have been and may be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or regulations, including but not limited to, substantive changes in, reductions in, or the repeal or expiration of, tax incentives. Furthermore, Chevron’s tax returns are subject to audit by taxing authorities around the world. There is no assurance that taxing authorities or courts will agree with the positions that Chevron has reflected on the company’s tax returns, in which case interest and penalties could be imposed that may have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations or financial condition. 

During periods of high profitability for certain companies or industries, there are often calls for increased taxes on profits, often called “windfall profit” taxes. Governments in various jurisdictions, including California and Australia, have announced, proposed, or implemented windfall profit taxes for companies operating in the energy and oil and gas sectors. Such taxes may be imposed on us or may be increased in the future in these or other jurisdictions. The imposition of, or increase in, such windfall profit taxes could adversely affect the company’s current or anticipated future operations and profitability. 

24


For information concerning the company’s tax liabilities, see Note 17 Taxes and Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments.

Legislation, regulation, and other government actions and shifting customer and consumer preferences and other private efforts related to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and climate change could continue to increase Chevron’s operational costs and reduce demand for Chevron’s hydrocarbon and other products, resulting in a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations and financial condition Chevron has experienced and may be further challenged by increases in the impacts of international and domestic legislation, regulation, or other government actions relating to GHG emissions (e.g., carbon dioxide and methane) and climate change. International agreements and national, regional, and state legislation and regulatory measures that aim to directly or indirectly limit or reduce GHG emissions are in various stages of implementation. 

Legislation, regulation, and other government actions related to GHG emissions and climate change could reduce demand for Chevron’s hydrocarbon and other products and/or continue to increase Chevron’s operational costs and reduce its return on investment. Globally, multiple jurisdictions are considering adopting or are in the process of implementing laws or regulations to directly regulate GHG emissions through a carbon tax, a cap-and-trade program, performance standards or other mechanisms, or to attempt to indirectly advance reduction of GHG emissions through restrictive permitting, procurement standards, trade barriers, minimum renewable usage requirements, financing standards, standards or requirements for environmental benefit claims, increased GHG reporting and climate-related disclosure requirements, or tax advantages or other incentives to promote the use of alternative energy, fuel sources or lower-carbon technologies. For example, the company operates in jurisdictions with developing or existing programs, such as the Renewable Fuel Standard program in the U.S., California’s Cap-and-Trade Program and Low Carbon Fuel Standard, and mandates such as the California Air Resources Board Advanced Clean Cars II regulations, as well as other indirect regulation of GHG emissions, which may, among other things, ban or restrict technologies or products that use the company’s products. GHG emissions that may be directly regulated through such efforts include, among others, those associated with the company’s exploration and production of hydrocarbons; power generation; the conversion of crude oil, natural gas and biofeedstocks into refined hydrocarbon products; the processing, liquefaction, and regasification of natural gas; the transportation of crude oil, natural gas, and other products; and customers’ and consumers’ use of the company’s hydrocarbon products. Many of these actions, as well as customers’ and consumers’ preferences and use of the company’s products or substitute products, and actions taken by the company’s competitors in response to legislation and regulations, are beyond the company’s control.

Similar to any significant changes in the regulatory environment, climate change-related legislation, regulation, or other government actions may curtail profitability, as well as render the extraction of the company’s hydrocarbon resources economically infeasible. In particular, GHG emissions-related legislation, regulations, and other government actions, and shifting customer and consumer preferences and other private efforts aimed at reducing GHG emissions may result in increased and substantial capital, compliance, operating, and maintenance costs and could, among other things, reduce demand for hydrocarbons and the company’s hydrocarbon-based products; increase demand for lower carbon products and alternative energy sources; make the company’s products more expensive; adversely affect the economic feasibility of the company’s resources; impact or limit our business plans; and adversely affect the company’s sales volumes, revenues, margins and reputation. For example, some jurisdictions are in various stages of design, adoption, and implementation of policies and programs that cap emissions and/or require short-, medium-, and long-term GHG reductions by operators at the asset or facility level, which may not be technologically feasible, or which could require significant capital expenditure, increase costs of or limit production, result in impairment of assets and limit Chevron’s ability to cost-effectively reduce GHG emissions across its global portfolio. Additionally, some jurisdictions are in various stages of enacting or implementing legislation that imposes retroactive liability on estimated past GHG emissions by certain energy producers and refiners.

The ultimate effect of international agreements; national, regional, and state legislation and regulation; and government and private actions related to GHG emissions and climate change on the company’s financial performance, and the timing of these effects, will depend on a number of factors. Such factors include, among others, the sectors covered, the GHG emissions reductions required, the use of standardized carbon accounting, the extent to which Chevron would be able to receive, generate, purchase, or retire credits, the price and availability of credits and the extent to which the company is able to recover, or continue to recover, the costs incurred through the pricing of the company’s products in the competitive marketplace. Further, the ultimate impact of GHG emissions and climate change-related agreements, legislation, regulation, and government actions on the company’s financial performance is highly uncertain because the company is unable to predict with certainty, for a multitude of individual jurisdictions, the outcome of political decision-making processes and 

25


legal challenges, including the actual laws and regulations enacted, the variables and trade-offs that inevitably occur in connection with such processes, and market conditions, including the responses of consumers to such changes. 

Attention to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters impacts our company Attention to ESG matters, including those related to climate change and sustainability, evolving societal, investor and governmental pressure on companies to address ESG matters, and potential customer and consumer use of substitutes to Chevron’s products have resulted and may continue to result in changes to the portfolio and company activities, increased costs, reduced demand for our products, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation or threats thereof, negative impacts on our stock price and access to capital markets, impaired participation in public discourse and debate by the company relating to mandatory and voluntary standards and regulations, and damage to our reputation. For example, trends in attention to ESG matters, including climate change, have resulted and may result in the future in shifting demand for our hydrocarbon products, additional litigation and governmental investigations, and/or threats thereof, against the company. For instance, we have received investigative requests and demands from the U.S. Congress for information relating to climate change, methane leak detection and repair, and other topics, and further requests and/or demands are possible. At this time, Chevron cannot predict the ultimate impact any Congressional or other investigations may have on the company. Information related to climate-change related litigation matters is included in Note 16 Litigation under the heading “Climate Change.”

Some stakeholders, including but not limited to sovereign wealth, pension, and endowment funds, have been divesting and promoting divestment of, or screening out, fossil fuel equities and urging lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. Further, voluntary carbon-related and target-setting frameworks have been developed that may limit the ability of certain sectors, including the oil and gas sector, from accessing capital, and may result in exclusion of the company’s equity or debt from being included as an investment option in portfolios. In addition, some stakeholders, including some of our investors, have divergent and evolving views on our ESG-related strategies and priorities, vis-à-vis our lines of business, calling for focus on increased production of oil and gas products rather than lower carbon business lines and climate-related targets. These circumstances, among others, may result in pressure from activists on production; unfavorable reputational impacts, including inaccurate perceptions or a misrepresentation of our actual ESG policies, practices and performance; diversion of management’s attention and resources; and proxy fights, among other material adverse impacts on our businesses. 

In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters, including climate change and climate-related risks (including entities commonly referred to as “raters and rankers”). Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings and investment community divestment initiatives, among other actions, may lead to negative investor sentiment toward Chevron and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access to and costs of capital. Additionally, evolving expectations on various ESG matters, including human rights, biodiversity, waste and water, have increased, and may continue to increase costs, require changes in how we operate and lead to negative stakeholder sentiment.

Our ambitions and disclosures related to ESG matters subject us to numerous risks that may negatively impact our reputation and stock price or result in other material adverse impacts to the company Chevron has set a number of lower carbon-related ambitions, which may include aspirations, targets, guidance, objectives, metrics, and/or goals. Chevron regularly evaluates its ambitions. The company has changed and/or eliminated some of these aspirations, targets, and other ambitions and may continue to do so in the future for various reasons, including market conditions; its strategy or portfolio; and financial, operational, policy, reputational, legal and other factors. 

Our ability to achieve any ambition, including those related to GHG emissions or climate-related initiatives, such as those outlined in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, on pages 36 through 37, as well as efforts concerning new businesses, is subject to numerous risks and contingencies, many of which are outside of Chevron’s control and persist. Examples of such risks and contingencies include: (1) sufficient and substantial advances in technology, including progress of commercially viable technologies and low- or non-carbon-based energy sources; (2) laws, governmental regulation, policies, and other enabling actions, including those regarding subsidies, tax and other incentives as well as the granting of necessary permits by governing authorities; (3) successful generation, acquisition, retirement and accounting of cost-effective, verifiable carbon offsets from nature-based solutions or carbon capture and storage; (4) the availability of suppliers that can meet sustainability-related standards; (5) evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures; (6) evolving standards for tracking and reporting on 

26


emissions and emission reductions and removals; (7) customers’ and consumers’ preferences and use of the company’s products or substitute products; and (8) actions taken by the company’s competitors.

The standards and regulations for tracking, reporting, disclosing, marketing and advertising related to ESG matters are relatively new, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Further, our selection of disclosure frameworks that seek to align with various voluntary reporting standards may change from time to time. Either of these circumstances may result in a lack of comparative data from period to period. 

Our existing processes and controls may not align with evolving voluntary and mandatory standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics. Our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards may change over time, including through non-public processes, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. In addition, Chevron participates, along with other companies, institutes, universities, trade associations and other organizations, in various initiatives, campaigns, and other projects that express various ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change, emissions and energy transition. Chevron’s individual ambitions, future performance or policies may differ from the ambitions of such organizations or the individual ambitions of other participants in these various initiatives, campaigns, and other projects, and Chevron may unilaterally change its individual ambitions. Achievement of or efforts to achieve ambitions such as the foregoing and future internal climate-related initiatives has, and may continue to, increase costs, and, in addition, may require purchase of carbon credits, or limit or impact the company’s business plans, operations and financial results, potentially resulting in reduction to the economic end-of-life of certain assets, impairing the associated net book value, among other material adverse impacts. Our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill such ambitions within the timelines we announce, or at all, or to satisfy various reporting standards and regulations could have a negative impact on the company’s reputation, investor sentiment, ratings outcomes for evaluating the company’s approach to ESG matters, stock price, and cost of capital and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation, among other material adverse impacts.

GENERAL RISK FACTORS

Changes in management’s estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company’s consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance in any given period In preparing the company’s periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including its financial statements, Chevron’s management is required under applicable rules and regulations to make estimates and assumptions as of a specified date. These estimates and assumptions are based on management’s best estimates and experience as of that date and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty. Materially different results may occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include impairments to property, plant and equipment and investments in affiliates; estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves; accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves; estimates for decommissioning obligations, including for previously divested assets; and measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other post-employment benefit plans. Changes in estimates or assumptions or the information underlying the assumptions, such as changes in the company’s business plans, general market conditions, the pace of energy transition, or changes in the company’s outlook on commodity prices, could affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities or expenses.

## 2_Properties

Item 2. Properties

The location and character of the company’s crude oil and natural gas properties and its refining, marketing, transportation, and chemicals facilities are described beginning on page 3 under Item 1. Business. Information required by Subpart 1200 of Regulation S-K (“Disclosure by Registrants Engaged in Oil and Gas Producing Activities”) is also contained in Item 1 and in Tables I through VII on pages 108 through 120 and Note 18 Properties, Plant and Equipment.

## 3_LegalProceedings

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

The following is a description of legal proceedings that involve governmental authorities as a party and that the company reasonably believes would result in $1.0 million or more of monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, under federal, state and local laws that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or primarily for the purpose of protecting the environment. 

As previously disclosed, on May 20, 2024, the New Mexico Environment Department issued a Notice of Violation (NOV) for alleged violations of state and federal regulations of air quality between October 2022 and September 2023 at different Chevron facilities in New Mexico. Resolution of the alleged violations may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.

As previously disclosed, on May 26, 2023, Chevron’s refinery in El Segundo, California notified the U.S. EPA that it had inadvertently overstated the number of biofuel credits generated by co-processing in 2022 in violation of the Renewable Fuel Standard program. The parties began negotiating a resolution of the violation in October 2024. Resolution of the violation will result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.

As previously disclosed, on October 31, 2024, California’s Bay Area Air District (formerly Bay Area Air Quality Management District) issued two NOVs for the alleged noncompliance with permit conditions that governed operation of certain equipment associated with low-NOx burners at the thermal oxidizers and stack gas heaters for sulfur recovery units 1 & 2 at Chevron’s refinery in Richmond, California. Resolution of the alleged violations may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more. 

As previously disclosed, in February 2025, the United States Department of Justice notified Hess of alleged Clean Water Act violations relating to Hess’s National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permit covering operations in Hess facilities in the Gulf of America. Resolution of the alleged violations may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.

As previously disclosed, on June 26, 2025, the Colorado Energy & Carbon Management Commission (ECMC) issued a notice alleging violations of certain ECMC rules following the loss of well control incident that occurred in Galeton, Colorado, on April 6, 2025. Resolution of the alleged violations may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.

On July 22, 2025, ECMC issued a notice alleging various violations of reporting rules associated with environmental remediation data. Resolution of the alleged violations may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more. 

Please see information related to other legal proceedings in Note 16 Litigation.

## 5_MarketForRegistrants

Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The company’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (trading symbol: CVX). As of February 6, 2026, stockholders of record numbered approximately 91,000. There are no restrictions on the company’s ability to pay dividends. The information on Chevron’s dividends are contained in the Quarterly Results tabulation. 

Chevron Corporation Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for Quarter Ended December 31, 2025 

Total NumberAverageTotal Number of SharesApproximate Dollar Values of Shares that

of SharesPrice PaidPurchased as Part of PubliclyMay Yet be Purchased Under the Program 

Period Purchased 1, 2

per Share Announced Program (Billions of dollars) 2

October 1 - October 31, 20256,121,636 $153.55 6,121,482 $38.6

November 1 - November 30, 20255,583,177 $152.49 5,583,177 $37.7

December 1 - December 31, 20258,036,375 $150.08 8,034,641 $36.5

Total October 1 - December 31, 202519,741,188 $151.84 19,739,300 

1 Includes common shares repurchased from participants in the company’s deferred compensation plans for personal income tax withholdings.

2 Refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional detail regarding the company's authorized stock repurchase program.

## 7_MDA

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The index to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is presented in the Financial Table of Contents.

## 7A_QuantitativeQualitativeMarketRisk

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

The company’s discussion of interest rate, foreign currency and commodity price market risk is contained in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Financial and Derivative Instruments and in Note 10 Financial and Derivative Instruments.

## 8_FinancialStatements

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data is presented in the Financial Table of Contents.

## 9A_ControlsAndProcedures

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The company’s management has evaluated, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2025.

(b) Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The company’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on the results of this evaluation, the company’s management concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. 

The company excluded Hess from our assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, because it was acquired by the company in a business combination during 2025. Total assets and total revenues of Hess, a 

wholly-owned subsidiary of Chevron Corporation, represent 24 percent and 3 percent, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the period ended December 31, 2025.

The effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report included herein.

(c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting During the quarter ended December 31, 2025, there were no changes in the company’s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the company’s internal control over financial reporting.
