# Accenture plc (ACN) — 10-K Annual Report (2025)

- Ticker: ACN
- Company: Accenture plc
- Sector: technology
- Filing year: 2025
- Filing date: 2025-10-10
- Accession number: 0001467373-25-000217

---

## 1_Business

Item 1. Business

Overview 

Accenture is a leading solutions and global professional services company that helps the world’s leading enterprises reinvent by building their digital core and unleashing the power of AI to create value at speed across the enterprise, bringing together the talent of our approximately 779,000 people, our proprietary assets and platforms, and deep ecosystem relationships. Our strategy is to be the reinvention partner of choice for our clients and to be the most AI-enabled, client-focused, great place to work in the world. Through our Reinvention Services we bring together our capabilities across strategy, consulting, technology, operations, Song and Industry X with our deep industry expertise to create and deliver solutions and services for our clients. Our purpose is to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity, and we measure our success by the 360° value we create for all our stakeholders.

Fiscal 2025 Highlights

We serve clients and manage our business through three geographic markets: Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Asia Pacific. These markets bring together all of our Reinvention Services with both local and global talent and solutions.

We go to market by industry, leveraging our deep expertise across our five industry groups—Communications, Media & Technology, Financial Services, Health & Public Service, Products and Resources. We deliver two types of work: Consulting and Managed Services. 

$69.7B in revenues

Our revenues are derived primarily from Forbes Global 2000 companies, governments and government agencies. Today, we work across every major market with more than 9,000 clients, including the world’s largest companies; three quarters of the Fortune Global 100 and 500. 

As of August 31, 2025, we employed approximately

779,000 people. 

We have long-term relationships and have partnered with 

195 of our top 200 clients for 10+ years.

Fiscal 2025 Investments

$1.5B

$0.8B

$1.0B

across 23 strategic acquisitions

in research and developmentin learning and professional development

During fiscal 2025, we continued to make significant investments—in strategic acquisitions, in research and development (R&D) in our assets, platforms and industry and functional solutions, in patents and pending patents and in attracting, retaining and developing people. These investments help us to further enhance our differentiation and competitiveness in the marketplace. Our disciplined acquisition strategy, which is an engine to fuel organic growth, is focused on scaling our business in high-growth areas; adding skills and capabilities in new areas; and deepening our industry and functional expertise. In fiscal 2025, we invested $1.5 billion across 23 strategic acquisitions, $0.8 billion in R&D, and approximately $1.0 billion in learning and professional development, including approximately 47 million training hours.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business3

We also use our investment capacity to drive early leadership in areas of growth. For example, our early and decisive decision in fiscal 2023 to invest significantly to become a leader in generative AI with a $3 billion multi-year investment has positioned us to capture this new area of spend for our clients.

Geographic Markets

Our three geographic markets—Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific—bring together our Reinvention Services in teams, which typically consist of industry and functional experts, AI, data and technology specialists and professionals with local market knowledge and experience, to meet client needs. The geographic markets have primary responsibility for building and sustaining long-term client relationships; bringing together our expertise from around the globe and collaborating across our business to sell and deliver our full range of solutions and services; ensuring client satisfaction; and achieving revenue and profitability objectives.

While we serve clients in locally relevant ways, our global footprint and scale in every major country give us the ability to leverage our experience and people from around the world to accelerate outcomes for our clients. 

Our three geographic markets are our reporting segments. The percent of our revenues represented by each market is shown at right.

Reinvention Services 

Effective September 1, 2025, we brought all of our services, which are described below, together into a single, integrated business unit called Reinvention Services. With this change, our client-focused growth model is bringing together all our capabilities across strategy, consulting, technology, operations, Song and Industry X, including deep industry and functional expertise across these capabilities, plus our technology ecosystem partnerships, to create more leading solutions faster and embed AI and data more easily into creating and delivering our solutions and services. As the reinvention partner of choice for our clients, we are building the digital core and helping reinvent nearly every part of the enterprise, everything from functions that are common across industries like HR and Finance, to industry-specific functions like manufacturing and capital projects. With the majority of our large deals today already involving capabilities across multiple areas, the full rollout of our model is designed to make it faster and simpler to sell and deliver everything Accenture offers across our client base, while embedding more AI and data and equipping our people.

Strategy and Consulting

We work with C-suite executives, leaders and boards of the world’s leading organizations, helping them reinvent nearly every part of their enterprise to set their strategic priorities, build their digital core, reinvent processes and reimagine their workforce to drive greater growth, enhance competitiveness, and deliver sustainable 360° stakeholder value. Our deep industry and functional expertise is supported by proprietary assets and platforms that help organizations transform faster and become more resilient. Underpinned by technology, data, analytics, AI, change management, talent, learning and sustainability, these capabilities help architect and accelerate all aspects of an organization’s reinvention. Our strategists and deep industry, functional, customer and technology consultants work hand-in-hand with our clients and across our capabilities to shape and deliver these reinventions.

Technology

We help our clients build their digital core including AI, data, cloud, systems integration and application management, security, intelligent platform services, infrastructure services, software engineering services, automation and global delivery centers, utilizing our deep industry and functional knowledge to create solutions that will drive value at speed. We continuously innovate our solutions and services and develop new capabilities, assets and platforms through early adoption of new technologies such as advanced AI, which includes generative, agentic and physical AI, robotics, 5G, edge computing and quantum computing, as well as invest in R&D for both new and existing forms of technology. We also invest in emerging technologies through Accenture Ventures.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business4

Operations

We operate business processes on behalf of clients for specific enterprise functions, including finance and accounting, sourcing and procurement, supply chain, marketing and sales, and human resources, as well as industry-specific services, such as platform trust and safety, banking, insurance, network and health services. We help organizations with reinvented operations, enabled by SynOps, our proprietary AI-powered, cloud-enabled platform that empowers people with data, processes, automation and a broad ecosystem of technology partners to transform enterprise operations at speed and scale. Our experience from operations also informs our strategy and consulting capabilities to better serve our clients.

Song

We help our clients create new, hyper-personalized experiences and services that are intelligently designed to foster loyalty and drive growth by making customer interactions more compelling, useful, and simple from initial interaction through ongoing customer service. We also build the strong digital core that supports the customer agenda. Our suite of solutions and services spans design, digital products, marketing, sales, commerce, and customer service. We help brands amplify their value, by making their products, services and experiences clear and inspiring to stand out in a crowded marketplace. Our commerce strategies are designed to enhance sales effectiveness and create seamless buying experiences. Our customer service innovations powered with AI help make support more responsive and accessible. We leverage the power of a connected customer strategy, AI and data, ecosystem partnerships, and our ability to scale and manage programs on behalf of our clients to solve client challenges more effectively, and provide solutions that are designed to be advanced, ethically sound and sustainable to help our clients reinvent how they engage their customers and grow.

Industry X

We combine our digital capabilities with deep engineering and manufacturing expertise. By using the combined power of digital and data we help our clients to reinvent and reimagine the products they make and how they make them. We have expanded our capabilities over the last few years to include helping our clients to digitally transform how their capital projects are planned, managed and executed, from plant and asset construction to public infrastructure, power grids and data centers. We collaborate closely with our technology ecosystem partners to help our clients achieve compressed transformations by redefining how their products are designed and engineered, tested, sourced and supplied, manufactured, and serviced, returned and renewed. Our solutions and services include the use of data and transformative technologies such as advanced AI, artificial reality/virtual reality, advanced robotics and digital twins.

Ecosystem Partner Relationships

Our successful strategy for more than a decade has been to be the number-one partner for the technology ecosystem. As technology is front and center for every client, we are the number-one partner for all of our top 10 ecosystem partners. These partners are among the world’s largest technology companies by revenue, and they are seeking deeper partnerships with us as they look for help to turn their technology into business outcomes and scale the adoption of AI. In fiscal 2025, we expanded our partnerships beyond the top 10 in AI and data and created new ones with companies that are becoming critical to many of our clients, which also want us to help them scale their client and customer relationships. 

Clients

We continue to be the reinvention partner of choice, serving approximately 9,000 clients including a significant portion of the Fortune Global 100 and 500. We believe our global footprint and breadth of capabilities mean we can serve more of our clients’ needs for large-scale transformations than any other player in the industry. Our deep and long-standing relationships mean we know our clients and their industries thoroughly. We have long-term relationships and have partnered with 195 of our top 200 clients for 10 or more years, and have 305 Diamond clients, our largest client relationships.

Industry Groups  

We believe the depth and breadth of our industry expertise is a key competitive advantage which allows us to bring client-specific industry solutions and services to our clients to accelerate reinvention and value creation. Our industry focus gives us an understanding of industry evolution, business issues and trends, industry operating models, capabilities and processes and new and emerging technologies. The breadth of our industry expertise enables us to create solutions that are informed by cross industry experience. We go to market through the following five industry groups within our geographic markets.


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business5

Communications, Media & Technology

FY25 Revenues of $11.5B

Percent of Group’s FY25 Revenue

39%18%43%

Communications & MediaHigh TechSoftware & Platforms

B2C and B2B communications service providers (both fixed and mobile), MVNO (mobile virtual network operators) and network infrastructure companies inclusive of edge and IOT connectivity infrastructure, cable and satellite communications, broadcasters and TV networks, gaming, print, online and traditional publishing, entertainment, sports, content producers (including studios), content aggregators and streaming live events (sports) and media infrastructure providers, integrated advertising agencies and creative

Enterprise technology, hardware, and associated manufacturing; semiconductor including silicon design and development, foundries, capital equipment, and manufacturing; consumer technology, electronics, batteries, and associated manufacturing; network equipment and device providers and manufacturers; data centers; medical equipment companies and manufacturers

Cloud-based enterprise, consumer software and platform companies; large language model owners; both subscription and ad-driven consumer platforms spanning ecommerce, social, media, advertising and gaming

Financial Services

FY25 Revenues of $12.8B

Percent of Group’s FY25 Revenue

70%30%

Banking & Capital MarketsInsurance

Retail and commercial banks, wealth and asset managers, payment providers, corporate and investment banks, market infrastructure providers and exchanges, broker/dealers, depositories, private equity firms, central banks, clearing and settlement organizations, mortgage lenders, retirement services providers and other diversified financial enterprisesProperty and casualty personal and commercial lines, life and annuities and group benefits insurers, retirement companies, reinsurance firms and insurance brokers

Health & Public Service

FY25 Revenues of $14.8B

Percent of Group’s FY25 Revenue

32%68%

HealthPublic Service

Healthcare providers, such as hospitals, public health systems, policy-making authorities, health insurers (payers) and industry organizations and associationsHuman and social services agencies; defense departments and military forces; public safety authorities, including justice departments; educational institutions; non-profit organizations; cities; transportation agencies; and postal, customs, revenue and tax agencies

Our work with clients in the U.S. federal government is delivered through Accenture Federal Services, a U.S. company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, and represented approximately 36% of Health & Public Service revenues, 15% of Americas revenues and 8% of total revenues in fiscal 2025. For risks related to our government contracting work, see Item 1A, Risk Factors—“Our work with government clients exposes us to additional risks inherent in the government contracting environment”.


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business6

Products

FY25 Revenues of $21.2B

Percent of Group’s FY25 Revenue

45%35%20%

Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel ServicesIndustrialsLife Sciences

Food and beverage, household goods, personal care, fashion/apparel; supermarkets, mass-merchandise discounters, department, quick serve and convenience stores and specialty retailers; aviation, hospitality and travel services companies, tobacco, agribusiness and consumer health companies

Automotive & mobility, industrial & electrical equipment manufacturers, industrial suppliers, construction, infrastructure, heavy equipment,  consumer durables, business services, freight, logistics, aerospace & defense, rail and public transportation companies

Biopharmaceutical, medical technology and distributors

Resources

FY25 Revenues of $9.5B

Percent of Group’s FY25 Revenue

28%25%47%

Chemicals & Natural ResourcesEnergyUtilities

Mining, petrochemicals, specialty chemicals, polymers and plastics, gases and agricultural chemicals companies, as well as the metals and forest products industries

Oil and gas companies, including upstream, midstream, downstream, oilfield services, clean energy and energy trading companies

Power generators and developers, including nuclear, renewables and other conventional generators; electric and gas transmission and distribution operators, energy and energy service retailers;  water, waste and recycling service providers

People

We are a value and solution-led company with approximately 779,000 people as of August 31, 2025, whose skills and specialization are a significant source of competitive differentiation. We serve clients at any given time in more than 120  countries, with offices and operations in 52 countries and the majority of our people are in India, the Philippines and the U.S. 

We have a culture of shared success, which is defined as success for our clients, our people, our shareholders, our partners and our communities. Our Code of Business Ethics, which applies to all of our people, reinforces our core values and helps drive our culture of compliance, ethical conduct and accountability.

Our strategy is to be the most AI-enabled, client-focused, great place to work for reinventors, which is how we refer to our people, because we are the reinvention partner of choice for our clients. We were pleased that among our people who participated in the globally recognized Great Place To Work® Trust Index Survey™ in June 2025, 75% agreed that “Taking everything into account, I would say this is a great place to work.” In addition to earning the No. 6 spot on the Great Place To Work® list of the World’s Best Workplaces™, we are recognized as a Great Place To Work® in 12 countries, representing nearly 80% of our people.

To drive reinvention, innovation must be at the forefront, which requires us to attract, develop and inspire top talent. Our focus is to create talent and unlock the potential of our people, to create strong leaders, and to help them achieve their professional and personal aspirations, while continuously evolving to meet new client needs.

We are implementing a refreshed three-pronged talent strategy to meet current and future client demand: investing in upskilling people, which has been and continues to be our primary focus; exiting people in a compressed timeline where reskilling is not a viable path for the skills we need; and identifying areas to drive even more operating efficiencies in our business, including through AI.

During fiscal 2025, we invested approximately $1.0 billion in learning and professional development. With our digital learning platform, we delivered approximately 47 million training hours, an increase of 9% compared with fiscal 2024. We continually invest in strengthening the industry, technology, functional and AI skills of our people. As part of our strategic 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business7

focus on driving reinvention and growth with AI, we are launching a global learning program that integrates tools, platforms, and role-based learning, along with partnerships with leading educational institutions and certification programs. Additionally, Accenture’s industry learning framework and technology certification strategy are an important part of our competitive differentiation. 

We also continue to steadily increase our AI and data workforce, reaching approximately 77,000 skilled AI and data practitioners at the end of fiscal 2025, against our goal of doubling our AI and data workforce to 80,000 by the end of fiscal 2026.

We promoted approximately 97,000 people in fiscal 2025, demonstrating our continued commitment to creating vibrant careers and opportunities for our people.

We balance our supply of skills with changes in client demand. We do this through adjusting levels of new hiring and managing our attrition (both voluntary and involuntary). We believe people are drawn to our strong purpose, values and reputation. For fiscal 2025, attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 14%, compared to 13% in fiscal 2024. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, annualized attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 15%, down from 16% in the third quarter of fiscal 2025.

Accenture’s total rewards consist of cash compensation, equity and a wide range of benefits. Our total rewards program is designed to recognize our people’s skills, contributions and career progression. Base salary, bonus and equity are tailored to the market where our people work and live. Certain rewards, like equity and bonuses, are opportunities for our people to share in the overall success of our company. As our people advance in their careers, they have greater opportunities to be rewarded. Accenture’s equitable rewards go beyond financial rewards and include health and well-being programs and practices—including physical, mental, emotional and financial well-being—that care for our people.

Global Delivery Capability 

A key differentiator is our global delivery capability. We have one of the world’s largest networks of centers with deep capabilities that allow us to help our clients create exceptional business value. Our global approach provides scalable innovation; standardized processes, methods and tools; automation and AI; industry expertise and specialized capabilities; cost advantages; foreign language fluency; proximity to clients; and time zone advantages—to deliver high-quality solutions and services. Emphasizing quality, productivity, reduced risk, speed-to-market and predictability, our global delivery model supports all parts of our business to provide clients with price-competitive solutions and services. 

Innovation and Intellectual Property 

We are committed to developing leading-edge ideas and leveraging emerging technologies and we see innovation as a source of competitive advantage. We use our investment in R&D—on which we spent $0.8 billion, $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion in fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively—to help clients address new realities in the marketplace and to face the future with confidence.

Our innovation experts work with clients across the world to imagine their future, build and co-create innovative business strategies and technology solutions, and then scale those solutions to sustain innovation. We believe our combination of people, platforms, assets and capabilities, including our global network of Innovation Centers, makes Accenture one of the leading strategic innovation partners for our clients.

This is all supported by our innovation approach, which includes Accenture Research, Accenture Ventures and Accenture Labs, our Innovation Centers as well as our Delivery Centers. Our research and thought leadership teams help identify market, technology and industry trends. Accenture Ventures partners with and invests in growth-stage companies that create innovative enterprise technologies. Accenture Labs incubate and prototype new concepts through applied research and development projects. Within this, we incubate and apply emerging technology innovation to business architectures, including robotics, quantum and advanced AI along with many other disruptive technologies and ideas.

We harness our unique intellectual property to deliver these innovation services. We have a global portfolio of patents and pending patent applications covering various technology areas, including AI, cloud, cybersecurity, automation, analytics and quantum. We leverage patent, trade secret and copyright laws as well as contractual arrangements and confidentiality procedures to protect the intellectual property in our innovative solutions and services. These include our proprietary platforms, software, reusable knowledge capital, and other innovations. We also have policies to respect the intellectual property rights of third parties, such as our clients, partners, vendors and others. 

To protect Accenture’s brands, we rely on intellectual property laws and trademark registrations held around the world. Trademarks appearing in this report are the trademarks or registered trademarks of Accenture Global Services Limited, Accenture Global Solutions Limited, or third parties, as applicable.


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business8

Assets and Platforms

We bring industry specific solutions and services as well as cross industry expertise and leverage our scale and global footprint, innovation capabilities, and strong ecosystem partnerships together with our proprietary assets and platforms including GenWizard, myNav, SynOps and AI Navigator for Enterprise to deliver tangible value for our clients. We have significantly embedded advanced AI into our proprietary platforms like GenWizard, which enables us to deliver differently for our clients.

Competition

Accenture operates in a highly competitive and rapidly changing global marketplace. We compete with a variety of organizations that offer solutions and services competitive with those we offer—but we believe no other company offers the full range of services at scale that Accenture does, which uniquely positions us in a highly competitive market. Our clients typically retain us on a non-exclusive basis. 

Our competitors include large multinational IT service providers, including the services arms of large global technology providers; off-shore IT service providers in lower-cost locations, particularly in India; accounting firms and consultancies that provide consulting, managed services and other IT solutions and services; solution or service providers that compete with us in a specific geographic market, industry or service area, including advertising agency holding companies, engineering services providers and technology start-ups and other companies that can scaled rapidly to focus on or disrupt certain markets and provide new or alternative products, end-to-end solutions, services, or commercial or delivery models; and in-house IT departments of large corporations that use their own resources rather than engage an outside firm, such as global capability centers (“GCC’s”).


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business9

Information About Our Executive Officers 

Our executive officers as of October 10, 2025 are as follows:

Melissa Burgum, 53, became our chief accounting officer in September 2022 and has served as our corporate controller since September 2021. Prior to that, Ms. Burgum served as our assistant corporate controller from December 2016 to September 2021 and as controller for Accenture Federal Services from May 2013 to December 2016. Prior to joining Accenture, Ms. Burgum held controllership roles at two public companies and was previously an auditor and consultant for Arthur Andersen. Ms. Burgum has been with Accenture for 12 years.

Kate Clifford, 48, became our chief leadership and human resources officer in September 2025. From September 2024 to September 2025, Ms. Clifford was our chief human resources officer—the Americas. From June 2022 to September 2024, she served as our chief human resources officer—North America. Prior to that, she served as our North America human resources service delivery lead from December 2018 to June 2022. Ms. Clifford has been with Accenture for 27 years.

Atsushi Egawa, 60, became our co-chief executive officer—Asia Pacific and chief executive officer —Japan in September 2024. Since September 2015, Mr. Egawa has served as our market unit lead in Japan. Prior to September 2015, Mr. Egawa led our Products industry group in Japan. Prior to that role, he led our Consumer Goods business in Japan. He has partnered closely with numerous global clients on their digital transformations and was integral in the opening of Accenture’s Innovation Hub in Tokyo. Mr. Egawa has been with Accenture for 36 years.

Kate Hogan, 49, became our chief operating officer in September 2025. From September 2024 to September 2025, she served as our chief operating officer—the Americas. From September 2023 to September 2024, she served as chief operating officer—North America. Prior to that, Ms. Hogan served as our US West lead from September 2022 to September 2023 and chief operating officer—North America from March 2020 to August 2022. Ms. Hogan has been with Accenture for 27 years. 

Mauro Macchi, 60, became our chief executive officer—EMEA in September 2024. From September 2021 to September 2024, Mr. Macchi served as our market unit lead for Italy, Central Europe and Greece. From March 2020 to September 2021, Mr. Macchi served as the Strategy & Consulting lead for Europe. Previously, he served as our Financial Services lead for Europe from November 2019 to March 2020, Financial Services lead for Italy, Central Europe and Greece from October 2017 to October 2019 and global Banking industry lead for Strategy from March 2015 to September 2017. Mr. Macchi has been with Accenture for 35 years.

Angie Park, 53, became our chief financial officer in December 2024. From September 2023 to December 2024, she served as our Business and Commercial Finance lead. From September 2022 to September 2023, she served as our chief financial officer—Technology. Prior to assuming that role, she served as our head of investor relations from December 2016 to September 2022 and finance director—Health & Public Service from April 2014 to September 2023. Ms. Park has been with Accenture for 29 years


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1. Business10

Ryoji Sekido, 58, became our co-chief executive officer—Asia Pacific and chief executive officer—Asia Oceania in September 2024. From April 2023 to September 2024, Mr. Sekido served as our Technology lead for Growth Markets. Prior to March 2023, Mr. Sekido served as the Technology and Cloud First lead for Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa. In his earlier roles, he led several industry and technology teams and served as the Financial Services client service group lead and the Financial Services technology consulting lead for APAC. Mr. Sekido has been with Accenture for 33 years.

Manish Sharma, 57, became our chief strategy and services officer in September 2025. Prior to that, Mr. Sharma served as our chief executive officer—the Americas from September 2024 to September 2025, chief executive officer—North America from September 2023 to September 2024 and chief operating officer from March 2022 to September 2023. From March 2020 to March 2022, Mr. Sharma served as our group chief executive—Operations. Prior to that, he held key leadership positions in Operations, including as group chief operating officer and global business process outsourcing delivery lead. Mr. Sharma has been with Accenture for 30 years.

Julie Sweet, 58, became chair of our Board of Directors in September 2021 and has served as our chief executive officer since September 2019. From June 2015 to September 2019, she served as our chief executive officer—North America. From March 2010 to June 2015, she served as our general counsel, secretary and chief compliance officer. Prior to joining Accenture in 2010, Ms. Sweet was a partner for 10 years in the law firm Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, which she joined as an associate in 1992. Ms. Sweet has been with Accenture for 15 years and has served as a director since September 2019.

Joel Unruch, 47, became our general counsel in September 2019 and has served as our corporate secretary since June 2015. Mr. Unruch also served as our chief compliance officer from September 2019 to January 2020. Mr. Unruch joined Accenture in 2011 as our assistant general counsel and assistant secretary and also oversaw ventures & acquisitions and alliances & ecosystems practices for our legal group. Prior to joining Accenture, Mr. Unruch was corporate counsel at Amazon.com and previously an associate in the corporate department of the law firm Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP. Mr. Unruch has been with Accenture for 14 years.

John Walsh, 61, became our chief executive officer—the Americas in September 2025. Prior

to that, Mr. Walsh served as our chief operating officer from September 2023 to September 2025. From March 2020 to September 2023, Mr. Walsh served as our chief strategic accounts and global sales officer. From November 2019 to March 2020, he served as our group chief executive—Communications, Media & Technology. He served as senior managing director—Communications, Media & Technology in North America, from 2013 to 2019. Mr. Walsh has been with Accenture for 39 years.

Organizational Structure 

Accenture plc was incorporated in Ireland on June 10, 2009 as a public limited company. We operate our business through subsidiaries of Accenture plc. 

The Consolidated Financial Statements reflect the ownership interests in Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. held by certain current and former members of Accenture Leadership as noncontrolling interests. The noncontrolling ownership interests were less than 1% as of August 31, 2025. “Accenture Leadership” is comprised of members of our global management committee (our primary management and leadership team, which consists of approximately 55 of our most senior leaders), senior managing directors and managing directors.

## 1A_RiskFactors

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  11

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations (including revenues and profitability) and/or stock price. The disclosures in this section reflect our beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that may broadly affect companies, including us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or stock price. Risks in this section are grouped in the following categories: (1) Business Risks; (2) Financial Risks; (3) Operational Risks; and (4) Legal and Regulatory Risks. Many risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories.

Business Risks

Our results of operations have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by volatile, negative or uncertain economic and geopolitical conditions and the effects of these conditions on our clients’ businesses and levels of business activity. 

Global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions affect us, our clients’ businesses and the markets they serve. Volatile, negative and uncertain economic and geopolitical conditions have in the past undermined and could in the future undermine business confidence in our significant markets and other markets, which are increasingly interdependent, causing our clients to reduce or defer their spending on new initiatives and technologies, and resulting in clients reducing, delaying or eliminating spending under existing contracts with us, which negatively affects our business. Growth in some of the markets we serve has slowed and could continue to slow, or could slow in other markets or stagnate or contract, in each case, for an extended period of time. Because we operate globally and have significant businesses in many markets, an economic slowdown in any of those markets could adversely affect our results of operations.

Ongoing economic and geopolitical volatility and uncertainty and changing demand patterns affect our business in a number of other ways, including making it more difficult to accurately forecast client demand and effectively build our revenue and resource plans, particularly in consulting. Economic and geopolitical volatility and uncertainty is particularly challenging because it may take some time for the effects and changes in demand patterns resulting from these and other factors to manifest themselves in our business and results of operations. Changing demand patterns from increased economic and political volatility and uncertainty, including as a result of increasing geopolitical tensions, inflation, economic downturns, changes in global trade policies, including the threat or imposition of tariffs or other trade restrictions and related retaliatory actions, protectionism, nationalism, global health emergencies and their impact on us, our clients and the industries we serve, have in the past had a negative impact and could in the future have a significant negative impact on our results of operations. 

Our business depends on generating and maintaining client demand for our solutions and services, including through the adaptation and expansion of our solutions and services in response to ongoing changes in technology and offerings, and a significant reduction in such demand or an inability to respond to the evolving technological environment could materially affect our results of operations.

Our financial results depend in part on the demand for our solutions and services, which could be negatively affected by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control and unrelated to our work product. As described above, volatile, negative or uncertain global economic and political conditions and lower growth or contraction in the markets we serve have adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect client demand for our solutions and services. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to develop and implement solutions and services that anticipate and respond to rapid and continuing changes in technology and offerings to serve the evolving needs of our clients. Examples of areas of significant change include advanced AI, which includes generative, agentic and physical AI, digital-, cloud- and security-related offerings, which are continually evolving, as well as developments in areas such as software, augmented and virtual reality, automation, blockchain, Internet of Things, quantum and edge computing, infrastructure and network engineering, intelligent connected products, digital engineering and manufacturing, and robotics solutions. As we continue to expand our solutions and services into these new areas, we are exposed to operational, legal, regulatory, ethical, technological and other risks specific to such new areas, which may negatively affect our reputation and demand for our solutions and services.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  12

Technological developments may materially affect the cost and use of technology by our clients and, in the case of cloud, AI and data solutions, could affect the nature of how we generate revenue. Some of these technological developments have reduced and replaced, in whole or in part, some of our historical solutions and services and will continue to do so in the future. This has caused, and may in the future cause, clients to delay spending under existing contracts and engagements and to delay entering into new contracts while they evaluate new technologies. Such technological developments and spending delays can negatively impact our results of operations if we are unable to introduce new pricing or commercial models that reflect the value of these technological developments or if the pace and level of spending on new technologies are not sufficient to make up any shortfall.

Developments in the industries we serve, which may be rapid, also could shift demand to new solutions and services. If, as a result of new technologies or changes in the industries we serve, our clients demand new solutions and services, we may be less competitive in these new areas or need to make significant investment to meet that demand. Our growth strategy focuses on responding to these types of developments by driving innovation and making strategic investments in acquisitions, joint ventures, partnerships and adjacencies to our current offerings that will enable us to expand our business into new growth areas. If we do not sufficiently invest in new technology and adapt to industry developments, or evolve and expand our business at sufficient speed and scale, or if we do not make the right strategic investments to respond to these developments and successfully drive innovation, our solutions and services, our results of operations, and our ability to develop and maintain a competitive advantage and to execute on our growth strategy could be adversely affected.

In a particular geographic market, service or industry group, a small number of clients have contributed, or may, in the future contribute, a significant portion of the revenues of such geographic market, service or industry group, and any decision by such a client to delay, reduce, or eliminate spending on our solutions and services have had and could in the future have a disproportionate impact on the results of operations in the relevant geographic market, service or industry group.

Many of our consulting contracts are less than 12 months in duration, and these contracts typically permit a client to terminate the agreement with as little as 30 days’ notice. Longer-term, larger and more complex contracts, such as the majority of our managed services contracts, generally require a longer notice period for termination and often include an early termination charge to be paid to us, but this charge might not be sufficient to cover our costs or make up for anticipated ongoing revenues and profits lost upon termination of the contract. Many of our contracts allow clients to terminate, delay, reduce or eliminate spending on the solutions and services we provide. Additionally, a client could choose not to retain us for additional stages of a project, try to renegotiate the terms of its contract or cancel or delay additional planned work. When contracts are terminated or not renewed, we lose the anticipated revenues, and it may take significant time to replace the level of revenues lost. Consequently, our results of operations in subsequent periods could be materially lower than expected. The specific business or financial condition of a client, changes in management and changes in a client’s strategy are also all factors that can result in terminations, cancellations or delays.

Risks and uncertainties related to the development and use of AI, including advanced AI, could harm our business, damage our reputation or give rise to legal or regulatory action.

We are increasingly applying AI-based technologies to our solutions and services, to how we deliver work to our clients, and to our own internal operations. In addition, we are creating new offerings to implement AI solutions for clients. We have made significant investments in AI and are continuing to incur significant development and operational costs to develop and deploy our AI solutions and services for ourselves and for our clients. If we fail to continue to develop leading AI solutions and services that meet our clients’ and our own internal needs, we may lose our leadership position in this area and fail to realize the anticipated benefits of our investments in advanced AI.

AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and we face significant competition, including from our clients and ecosystem partners, who may develop their own internal AI-related capabilities, as well as new AI-native companies, which can lead to reduced demand for our solutions or services. As these technologies evolve, some services and tasks currently performed by our people have been and will continue to be replaced by automation, including AI-enabled solutions, which will lead to reduced demand for our services and/or adversely affect the utilization rate of our professionals, if demand for those services is not replaced by demand for new solutions and services or if the pace and level of spending on new solutions or services are not sufficient to make up any shortfall. If we are unable to introduce or if our clients do not accept new pricing or commercial models that reflect the value of these AI-enabled solutions, our results of operations may be adversely affected. Leveraging AI capabilities for our internal functions and operations presents additional risks, costs and challenges, including those discussed in these risk factors.

The development, adoption and use of AI technologies is still in the early stages and involve significant risks and uncertainties, which may expose us to legal, reputational and financial harm. AI algorithms and training methodologies may be flawed and datasets may be overbroad, insufficient or contain biased or inaccurate information. Moreover, the use of AI may give rise to risks related to harmful content, accuracy, bias, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, defamation, data privacy, cybersecurity and health and safety, among others, and also bring the possibility of new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation or other legal liability, or ethical concerns that could adversely affect our business, reputation or financial results.


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  13

Evolving rules, regulations and industry standards governing AI may require us to incur significant costs to modify, maintain, or align our business practices, solutions and services to comply with U.S. and non-U.S. rules and regulations, the nature of which cannot be determined at this time and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Several jurisdictions where we operate are considering or have proposed or enacted legislation and policies regulating AI and non-personal data, such as the European Union’s AI Act. These regulations may impose significant requirements on how we design, build and deploy AI and handle non-personal data for ourselves and our clients or limit our ability to incorporate certain AI capabilities into our offerings. There is increasing divergence globally among AI regulations, which will require us to navigate different obligations in different geographies. Violations of these laws may lead to reputational damage, financial penalties and increased regulatory scrutiny and oversight. 

While we aim to develop and use AI responsibly and attempt to identify and mitigate ethical and legal issues presented by its use, we may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. Any failure to address concerns relating to the responsible use of AI technology in our solutions and services may cause harm to our reputation or financial liability and, as such, may increase our costs to address or mitigate such risks and issues.

If we are unable to match people and their skills with client demand around the world and attract and retain professionals with strong leadership skills, our business, the utilization rate of our professionals and our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

Our success is dependent, in large part, on our ability to keep our people with market-leading skills and capabilities in balance with client demand around the world and our ability to attract and retain people with the knowledge and skills to lead our business globally. We must hire or upskill, retain and inspire appropriate numbers of talented people in order to serve clients across the globe, respond quickly to rapid and ongoing changes in demand, technology, industry and the macroeconomic environment, and continuously innovate to grow our business. For example, if we are unable to hire or upskill our employees to keep pace with the rapid and continuous changes in technology and the industries we serve, we may not be able to innovate and deliver new solutions and services to fulfill client demand. There is competition for scarce talent with market-leading skills and capabilities in new technologies, and our people have been directly targeted because of their highly sought-after skills and this will likely continue.

There is a risk that at certain points in time, as a result of technological developments or changes in demand, we may have more people than we need in certain skill sets or geographies or at compensation levels that are not aligned with skill sets. In these situations, we have engaged, and may in the future engage, in actions to rebalance our workforce, including reducing the rate of new hires and increasing involuntary terminations as a means to keep our supply of people and skills in balance with client demand, such as the three-pronged talent strategy initiated in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. The timing and amount of costs related to these business optimization actions and the nature and extent of benefits realized from such actions are subject to uncertainties and other factors, including local country consultation processes and regulations, and may differ from our current expectations and estimates. In some countries we are required by local law to consult with employee representative bodies such as works councils, which may constrain our operational flexibility and efficiency in balancing our workforce with client demand and make us less competitive. In addition, while an immaterial percentage of our global workforce is currently unionized, the unionization of significant employee populations could result in higher costs and other operational impediments.

At certain times and in certain geographical regions, we will find it difficult to hire and retain a sufficient number of employees with the skills or backgrounds to meet current and/or future demand. In these cases, we might need to upskill and redeploy existing people or increase our reliance on subcontractors to fill certain labor needs. If we are not successful in these initiatives, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Although only a very small percentage of our people in the U.S. are on H-1B visas, changes in immigration laws or policies, or the application of those laws and policies, could limit the availability of H-1B or other visas in the U.S.

If our utilization rate is too high or too low, it could have an adverse effect on employee engagement and attrition, the quality of the work performed as well as our ability to staff projects. 

We are particularly dependent on retaining members of Accenture Leadership with critical capabilities. If we are unable to do so, our ability to innovate, generate new business opportunities and effectively lead large and complex transformations and client relationships could be jeopardized. We depend on identifying, developing and retaining top talent to innovate and lead our businesses. This includes developing talent and leadership capabilities in markets where the depth of skilled employees may be limited. Our ability to expand in our key markets depends, in large part, on our ability to attract, develop, retain and integrate both leaders for the local business and people with critical capabilities. 

Our equity-based incentive compensation plans and other variable cash compensation programs, as well as promotions, are designed to reward high-performing individuals for their contributions and provide incentives for them to remain with us. If the anticipated value of such incentives or the pace of promotions does not materialize because of company performance or volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price, or if our total compensation package is not viewed as being competitive, our ability to attract and retain the people we need could be adversely affected. In addition, if we do not obtain 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  14

the shareholder approval needed to continue granting equity awards under our share plans in the amounts we believe are necessary, our ability to attract and retain people could be negatively affected. 

We face legal, reputational and financial risks from any failure to protect client and/or Accenture data from security incidents or cyberattacks. 

We are dependent on information technology networks and systems to securely process, transmit and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with our people, clients, ecosystem partners and vendors. As the breadth and complexity of this infrastructure continues to grow, including as a result of the increasing reliance on, and use of, mobile technologies, social media and cloud-based services, as more of our employees continue to work remotely, and as cyberattacks become increasingly sophisticated (e.g. deepfakes and AI generated social engineering), the risk of security incidents and cyberattacks has increased. Threat actors are leveraging AI technologies to develop new hacking tools and attack vectors, exploit vulnerabilities, obscure their activities, and increase the difficulty of threat attribution. Such incidents could lead to shutdowns or disruptions of or damage to our systems and those of our clients, ecosystem partners and vendors, and unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, including personal data and proprietary business information. In the past, we have experienced, and in the future, we may again experience, data security incidents resulting from unauthorized access to our and our service providers’ systems and unauthorized acquisition of our data and our clients’ data including: inadvertent disclosure, misconfiguration of systems, phishing ransomware or malware attacks. In addition, our clients have experienced, and may in the future experience, breaches of systems and cloud-based services enabled, managed or provided by us. 

In providing solutions and services to clients, we often manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client, Accenture or other third-party data, including customer and other personal data and proprietary information, and we expect these activities to increase. Unauthorized disclosure or use of, denial of access to, or other incidents involving sensitive or confidential client, vendor, ecosystem partner or Accenture data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud, misappropriation, or cybersecurity, ransomware or malware attacks, or other intentional or unintentional acts, could damage our reputation and our competitive positioning in the marketplace, disrupt our or our clients’ business, cause us to lose clients and result in significant financial exposure and legal liability. Similarly, unauthorized access to or through, denial of access to, downtime or other incidents involving, our software and IT supply chain or software-as-a-service providers, our or our service providers’ information systems or those we develop for our clients, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers, hackers, members of organized crime and/or state-sponsored organizations, who continuously develop and deploy social engineering methods, phishing frameworks and viruses, ransomware, malware or other malicious software programs, has and could in the future result in negative publicity, significant remediation costs, legal liability, damage to our reputation and government sanctions and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations—see risk factor below entitled “Our business could be materially adversely affected if we incur legal liability.” Cybersecurity threats are constantly expanding and evolving, becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, including as a result of evolving AI technologies and threat actors’ increasingly mature infrastructure and systems capable of broadly deploying zero-day attacks. These developments are increasing the difficulty of detecting and defending against cybersecurity attacks and maintaining effective security measures and protocols. 

We are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, including privacy and cybersecurity laws such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), Digital Operational Resilience Act and Network and Information Security 2 Directive, the United Kingdom’s GDPR, U.S. states’ recent comprehensive privacy legislation, as well as various other U.S. federal and state laws governing the protection of privacy, health or other personally identifiable information and data privacy and cybersecurity laws in other regions, and related contractual obligations. These laws and regulations continue to evolve, are increasing in complexity and number and increasingly conflict among the various countries in which we operate, which has resulted in greater compliance risk and cost for us. Various privacy laws impose compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data, including localization of data and the cross-border transfer of data, and significant financial penalties for noncompliance. For example, failure to comply with the GDPR may lead to regulatory enforcement actions, which can result in monetary penalties of up to 4% of worldwide revenue, orders to discontinue certain data processing operations, civil lawsuits, or reputational damage. If any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client, third-party or Accenture data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. These monetary damages might not be subject to a contractual limit of liability or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages and could be significant. In addition, our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, might not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security incidents, cyberattacks and other related incidents.

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we might not be able to compete effectively. 

The markets in which we offer our solutions and services are highly competitive. Our competitors include: 

•large multinational IT service providers, including the services arms of large global technology providers; 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  15

•off-shore IT service providers in lower-cost locations, particularly in India; 

•accounting firms and consultancies that provide consulting, managed services and other IT solutions and services; 

•solution or service providers that compete with us in a specific geographic market, industry or service area, including advertising agency holding companies, engineering services providers and technology start-ups and other companies that can scale rapidly to focus on or disrupt certain markets and provide new or alternative products, end-to-end solutions, services, or commercial or delivery models; and

•in-house IT departments of large corporations that use their own resources, rather than engage an outside firm, such as the growing number of companies that are setting up global capability centers (“GCC’s”). 

Some competitors may have greater financial, marketing or other resources than we do and, therefore, may be better able to compete for new work and skilled professionals, may be able to innovate and provide new solutions and services faster than we can or may be able to anticipate the need for solutions and services before we do. Our competitors may also team together to create competing offerings.

Even if we have potential offerings that address marketplace or client needs, competitors may be more successful at selling similar services they offer, including to companies that are our clients. Some competitors are more established in certain markets, and may make executing our growth strategy to expand in these markets more challenging. Additionally, competitors may also offer more aggressive pricing or contractual terms, or alternative commercial models, which may affect our ability to win work. Our future performance is largely dependent on our ability to compete successfully and expand in the markets we currently serve. If we are unable to compete successfully, we could lose market share and clients to competitors, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

In addition, we may face greater competition due to consolidation of companies in the technology sector through strategic mergers, acquisitions or teaming arrangements. Consolidation activity may result in new competitors with greater scale, a broader footprint or offerings that are more attractive than ours. New services or technologies offered by competitors, ecosystem partners or new entrants may make our offerings less differentiated or less competitive when compared to other alternatives, which may adversely affect our results of operations. The technology companies described above, including many of our ecosystem partners and new AI-native companies, are increasingly able to offer services related to their AI, software, platform, cloud migration and other solutions, or are developing AI, software, platform, cloud migration and other solutions that require integration services to a lesser extent or replace them in their entirety. These more integrated solutions and services may represent more attractive alternatives to clients than some of our solutions and services, which may materially adversely affect our competitive position and our results of operations.

If we do not successfully manage and develop our relationships with our ecosystem partners or if we fail to anticipate and establish new alliances in new technologies, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

We have alliances with companies whose capabilities complement our own. A very significant portion of our revenue and solutions and services are based on technology, including platforms and software, provided by our ecosystem partners. See “Business—Ecosystem Partner Relationships.” 

The business that we conduct through these alliances could decrease or fail to grow for a variety of reasons. The priorities and objectives of our ecosystem partners may differ from ours. They offer solutions and services that compete with some of our solutions and services. They may also form closer or preferred arrangements with our competitors.

Some of our ecosystem partners are also large clients or suppliers of technology to us. The decisions we make vis-à-vis an ecosystem partner may impact our ongoing alliance relationships with other members of our ecosystem. 

Our ecosystem partners may at times be impacted by global events, the changing macroeconomic environment and supply chain or service disruptions, as well as rapid increases in demand for their products and services, any of which may impact their ability to provide their products and services within our expected timeframes or at anticipated prices. In addition, our ecosystem partners may also experience reduced demand for their technology or software, including, for example, in response to changes in technology, which could lessen related demand for our solutions and services.

We must anticipate and respond to continuous changes in technology and develop alliance relationships with new providers of relevant technology and services. We must secure meaningful alliances with these providers early in their life cycle so that we can develop the right number of certified people with skills in new technologies. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with current partners and identify new and emerging providers of relevant technology to expand our network of ecosystem partners, we may not be able to differentiate our services or compete effectively in the market.


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  16

If we do not obtain the expected benefits from our alliance relationships for any reason, we may be less competitive, our ability to offer attractive solutions to our clients may be negatively affected, and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our ability to attract and retain business and employees may depend on our reputation in the marketplace.

We believe the Accenture brand name and our reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our solutions and services from those of competitors and also contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented employees. However, our corporate reputation is susceptible to material damage by events such as disputes with clients or competitors, cybersecurity incidents or service outages, internal control deficiencies, delivery or solution failures, compliance violations, government investigations or legal proceedings. We may also experience reputational damage from employees, advocacy groups, regulators, investors and other stakeholders that disagree with the solutions and services that we offer, the clients or markets that we serve, or the ways in which we operate our business. Similarly, our reputation could be damaged by actions or statements of current or former clients, directors, employees, competitors, vendors, ecosystem partners, joint venture partners, adversaries in legal proceedings, legislators or government regulators, as well as members of the investment community or the media, including social media influencers and advocacy groups. 

There is a risk that negative or inaccurate information about Accenture, even if based on rumor or misunderstanding, could adversely affect our business. Damage to our reputation could be difficult, expensive and time-consuming to repair, could make potential or existing clients reluctant to select us for new engagements or could negatively impact our relationships with ecosystem partners, resulting in a loss of business, and could adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts. Damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of the Accenture brand name and could reduce investor confidence in us, materially adversely affecting our share price. 

Our brand and reputation are also associated with our various corporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives. Our disclosures on these matters and any failure or perceived failure to achieve or accurately report on our initiatives, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our client relationships or our recruitment and retention efforts, as well as expose us to potential legal liability. In addition, positions we take, modify, or do not take on these issues may be unpopular with some of our employees, our clients or potential clients, our investors, legislators or government regulators, as well as members of the media or advocacy groups, which may impact our ability to attract or retain employees or the demand for our services. We also may choose not to conduct business with potential clients or discontinue or not expand business with existing clients due to these positions. 

Financial Risks

Our profitability could materially suffer due to pricing pressure, if we are unable to remain competitive, if our cost-management strategies are unsuccessful or if we experience delivery inefficiencies or fail to satisfy certain agreed-upon targets or specific service levels. 

Our profitability is highly dependent on a variety of factors and could be materially impacted by any of the following: 

Pricing pressures have had and may continue to have a negative impact on our profitability. The rates we are able to charge for our solutions and services are affected by a number of factors, including: 

•general economic and political conditions; 

•our clients’ desire to reduce their costs; 

•the competitive environment in our industry; 

•the introduction of new technologies (such as advanced AI), services or products by competitors, ecosystem partners and clients, which could reduce our ability to obtain favorable pricing and impact our overall economics for the solutions or services we offer;

•our ability to accurately estimate our service delivery costs, upon which our pricing is sometimes determined, including our ability to estimate the impact of inflation and foreign exchange on our service delivery costs over long-term contracts; and 

•the procurement practices of clients and their use of third-party advisors. 

Our profitability could suffer if we are not able to remain competitive. The competitive environment in our industry affects our ability to secure new contracts at our target economics in a number of ways, any of which could have a material negative impact on our results of operations. The less we are able to differentiate our solutions and services and/or clearly 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  17

convey the value of our solutions and services, the more risk we have in winning new work in sufficient volumes and at our target pricing and overall economics. Competitors may be willing, at times, to take on more risk or price contracts lower than us in an effort to enter the market or increase market share.  

Our profitability could suffer if our cost-management strategies are unsuccessful, and we may not be able to improve our profitability. Our ability to improve or maintain our profitability is dependent on our being able to successfully manage our costs, including taking actions to reduce certain costs and optimize our business including through the use of new technologies, such as advanced AI. Our cost management strategies include maintaining appropriate alignment between the demand for our solutions and services and the workforce needed to deliver them. If we are not effective in managing our operating costs in response to changes in demand or pricing, or if we are unable to cost-effectively hire, develop, upskill and retain enough people with the knowledge and skills necessary to deliver our solutions and services, particularly in areas of new technologies and offerings and in the right geographic locations, we may incur increased costs, which could reduce our ability to continue to invest in our business in an amount necessary to achieve our planned rates of growth and our desired levels of profitability.

If we do not accurately anticipate the cost, risk and complexity of performing our work or if third parties upon whom we rely do not meet their commitments, then our contracts could have delivery inefficiencies and be less profitable than expected or unprofitable. Our contract profitability is highly dependent on our forecasts regarding the effort and cost necessary to deliver our solutions and services, which are based on available data and could turn out to be materially inaccurate. If we do not accurately estimate the effort, costs or timing for meeting our contractual commitments and/or completing engagements to a client’s satisfaction, our contracts could yield lower profit margins than planned or be unprofitable.

Moreover, many of our contracts include clauses that tie our ultimate compensation to the achievement of agreed-upon performance standards or milestones. If we fail to satisfy these measures, it could significantly reduce or eliminate our fees under the contracts, increase the cost to us of meeting performance standards or milestones, delay expected payments or subject us to potential damage claims under the contract terms, any of which could significantly affect our profitability. We also have a number of contracts in which a portion of our compensation depends on performance measures such as cost-savings, revenue enhancement, benefits produced, business goals attained and adherence to schedule. These goals can be complex and may depend on our clients’ actual levels of business activity or may be based on assumptions that are later determined not to be achievable or accurate and could negatively impact our profit margins if not achieved. Similarly, if we experience unanticipated delivery difficulties due to our management, the failure of third parties or our clients to meet their commitments, or for any other reason, our contracts could yield lower profit margins than planned or be unprofitable.

We are increasingly entering into contracts for large, complex client engagements to transform our clients’ businesses, which convert to revenue over a longer period. These deals may involve transforming a client’s business, transitioning it to the cloud and updating their technology, increasing their operational efficiency and improving their customers’ experience with AI and data, while operating portions of their business. The scale and complexity of these projects present risks in execution and profitability challenges as a result of the costs we incur and investments we make at the beginning of these transactions. In particular, large and complex arrangements often require that we utilize subcontractors or that our solutions and services incorporate or coordinate with the software, systems or infrastructure requirements of other vendors and service providers, including companies with which we have alliances. Our profitability depends on the ability of these subcontractors, vendors and service providers to deliver their products and services in a timely manner, at the anticipated cost, and in accordance with the project requirements, as well as on our effective oversight of their performance. In some cases, these subcontractors are small firms, and they might not have the resources or experience to successfully integrate their services or products with large-scale engagements or enterprises. Some of this work involves new technologies, which may not work as intended or provide anticipated productivity gains, or may take more effort to implement than initially predicted. In addition, certain client work requires the use of unique and complex structures and alliances, some of which require us to assume responsibility for the performance of third parties whom we do not control. Any of these factors could adversely affect our ability to perform and subject us to additional liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our relationships with clients and on our results of operations. 

Changes in our level of taxes, as well as audits, investigations and tax proceedings, or changes in tax laws or in their interpretation or enforcement, could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

We are subject to taxes in numerous jurisdictions. We calculate and provide for taxes in each tax jurisdiction in which we operate. Tax accounting often involves complex matters and requires our judgment to determine our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We are subject to ongoing audits, investigations and tax proceedings in various jurisdictions. Tax authorities have disagreed, and may in the future disagree, with our judgments, and are taking increasingly aggressive positions opposing the judgments we make, including with respect to our intercompany transactions. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of our audits, investigations and tax proceedings to determine the appropriateness of our tax 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  18

liabilities. However, our judgments might not be sustained as a result of these audits, investigations and tax proceedings, and the amounts ultimately paid could be materially different from the amounts previously recorded. 

In addition, our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by challenges to our intercompany transactions, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws or in their interpretation or enforcement, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates and changes in accounting principles, including the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Tax rates and policies in the jurisdictions in which we operate may change materially as a result of shifting economic, social and political conditions. In addition, changes in tax laws, treaties or regulations, or their interpretation or enforcement, have become more unpredictable and may become more stringent, which could materially adversely affect our tax position. A number of countries where we do business, including the United States and many countries in the European Union, have implemented, and are considering implementing, changes in relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations. There remains significant uncertainty around whether these changes will ultimately be implemented and, if implemented, the extent of their impact.  

The overall tax environment remains highly uncertain and increasingly complex. The European Commission has been conducting investigations, focusing on whether local country tax rulings or tax legislation provides preferential tax treatment that violates European Union state aid rules. In the U.S., various proposals to raise corporate income taxes are periodically considered. Individual countries across the globe and the European Union have either enacted or plan to enact digital taxes to impose incremental taxes on companies based on where ultimate users are located. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”), a global coalition of member countries, further developed a two-pillar plan to reform international taxation. The plan aims to prevent the proliferation of separate new digital taxes and to ensure a fairer distribution of profits among countries by creating a new global system to tax income based on the location of users, and to impose a floor on tax competition through the introduction of a global minimum tax. Ireland and other countries where we operate have enacted Pillar Two, the OECD’s global minimum tax rate, which applies to us beginning with fiscal year 2025. Other countries are also actively considering changes to their tax laws to adopt certain parts of the OECD’s two-pillar framework. On June 28, 2025, the G7 released a statement on global minimum taxes that outlined, among other items, that work will be done to simplify the overall Pillar Two administration and compliance framework. We cannot predict the impact to our income taxes of future OECD guidance and interpretations, related local country tax legislation, and local challenges to our Pillar Two positions. However, we still expect Pillar Two to further increase complexity and uncertainty around income taxes. Ongoing volatility in global trade relations may prompt governments to implement new tax, tariff and compliance measures, which could extend to services. The increased focus of various jurisdictions on challenging tax positions and enacting new tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Although we expect to be able to rely on the tax treaty between the United States and Ireland, legislative or diplomatic action could be taken, or the treaty may be amended in such a way, that would prevent us from being able to rely on such treaty. Our inability to rely on the treaty would subject us to increased taxation or significant additional expense. In addition, we could be materially adversely affected by changes in the laws (or in their interpretation or enforcement) around the definition of a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes and by changes in tax law or policy (or in their interpretation or enforcement) in Ireland or other jurisdictions where we operate, including their treaties with Ireland or the United States. 

Our results of operations could be materially adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have had an adverse effect, and could in the future have a material adverse effect, on our results of operations. As we continue to leverage our global delivery model, more of our expenses are incurred in currencies other than those in which we bill for the related services. An increase in the value of certain currencies, such as the Indian rupee or Philippine peso, against the currencies in which our revenue is recorded could increase costs for delivery of services at off-shore sites by increasing labor and other costs that are denominated in local currency. Our contractual provisions or cost management efforts might not be able to offset their impact, and our currency hedging activities, which are designed to partially offset this impact, might not be successful. This could result in a decrease in the profitability of our contracts that are utilizing delivery center resources. In addition, our currency hedging activities, which are designed to partially offset the impact on consolidated earnings related to the changes in value of certain balance sheet items, are themselves subject to risk and might not be successful. These include risks related to counterparty performance under hedging contracts, risks related to ineffective hedges and risks related to currency fluctuations. Additionally, some transactions and balances may be denominated in currencies for which there is no available market to hedge. We also face risks that extreme economic conditions, political instability, or hostilities or disasters of the type described below could impact or perhaps eliminate the underlying exposures that we are hedging. Such an event could lead to losses being recognized on the currency hedges then in place that are not offset by anticipated changes in the underlying hedged exposure.


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  19

Our debt obligations could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

Our current debt, and any additional indebtedness we incur, may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results by, among other things, requiring the dedication of a portion of our expected cash from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes. We may also be required to raise additional financing, which will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which could adversely impact our ability to service our outstanding indebtedness or to repay our outstanding indebtedness as it becomes due and could adversely impact our business and financial condition. Additionally, further indebtedness may increase the risk of a future downgrade in our credit ratings, which could increase future debt costs and limit the future availability of debt financing.

Operational Risks

As a result of our geographically diverse operations and our strategy to continue to grow in our key markets around the world, we are more susceptible to certain risks.

We have offices and operations in more than 200 cities in 52 countries around the world. One aspect of our strategy is to continue to grow in our key markets around the world. Our strategy might not be successful. If we are unable to manage the risks of our global operations and strategy, our results of operations and ability to grow could be materially adversely affected.

Health emergencies or pandemics; acts of terrorist violence; political, social and civil unrest; regional and international war and other hostilities and international responses to these wars and hostilities; natural disasters, sea level rise, floods, droughts and water scarcity, heat waves, wildfires and storms, and earthquakes; or the threat of or perceived potential for these events; and other acts of god have had and could in the future have significantly negative impacts on us. These events could adversely affect our clients’ levels of business activity and precipitate sudden and significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. These events also pose significant risks to our people and to physical facilities and operations around the world, whether the facilities are ours or those of our ecosystem partners, suppliers or clients. By disrupting communications and travel and increasing the difficulty of obtaining and retaining highly skilled and qualified people, these types of events impact our ability to deliver our solutions and services to our clients. Extended disruptions of electricity, other public utilities or network or cloud services at our facilities or in the areas where our people are working remotely, as well as physical infrastructure damage to, system failures at, cyberattacks on, or security incidents involving, our facilities or systems, or those of our ecosystem partners, suppliers or clients, could also adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and serve our clients. If any of these circumstances occurs, we have a greater risk that interruptions in communications with our clients and other Accenture locations and people, and any down-time in important processes we operate for clients, could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our reputation in the marketplace.

Our business model is dependent on our global delivery capability. While our delivery centers are located throughout the world, we have based large portions of our delivery capability in India and the Philippines, where we have the largest and second largest number of our people located, respectively. In addition, certain of our clients and markets are primarily supported by individual delivery centers. Concentrating our delivery capability in these locations presents a number of operational risks, including those discussed in this risk factor, many of which are beyond our control and which have been and may in the future be exacerbated by increasing geopolitical tensions. Sovereignty initiatives or other nationalist trends in our markets may result in local sourcing initiatives, conflicting local or regional requirements, or other developments that may make it more difficult or costly to operate in or negatively impact demand for our solutions and services in those markets. While these developments have not materially impacted our ability to deliver services to our clients, international conflicts are unpredictable and we might not be as successful in mitigating these operational risks in the future. 

We are unable to protect our people, facilities and systems, and those of our ecosystem partners, suppliers and clients, against all such events. Our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not be effective, particularly if catastrophic events occur where large numbers of our people are located, or simultaneously affect our people in multiple locations around the world. We generally do not have insurance for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist attacks, conflicts and wars. If these disruptions prevent us from effectively serving our clients, our results of operations could be significantly adversely affected.

If we are unable to manage the organizational challenges associated with our size, we might be unable to achieve our business objectives.

As of August 31, 2025, we had approximately 779,000 employees worldwide. Our size and scale present significant management and organizational challenges. As our organization grows and evolves, it might become increasingly difficult to maintain effective standards across a large enterprise and effectively institutionalize our knowledge or to effectively change the strategy, operations or culture of our Company in a timely manner. It might also become more difficult to maintain our 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  20

culture, effectively manage and monitor our people and operations, effectively communicate our core values, policies and procedures, strategies and goals, and motivate, engage and retain our people, particularly given our world-wide operations, rate of new hires, and the significant percentage of our employees who have the option to work remotely. The size and scope of our operations increase the possibility that we will have employees who engage in unlawful or fraudulent activity, or otherwise expose us to unacceptable business risks, despite our efforts to train them and maintain internal controls to prevent such instances. For example, employee misconduct could involve the improper use of sensitive or confidential information entrusted to us, or obtained inappropriately, or the failure to comply with legislation or regulations regarding the protection of sensitive or confidential information, including personal data and proprietary information. Furthermore, the inappropriate use of social networking sites and unapproved technologies, such as public-facing, free AI tools, by our employees could result in breaches of confidentiality, unauthorized disclosure of non-public company information or damage to our reputation. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our enterprise and instill our culture and core values into all of our employees, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. In addition, from time to time, we have made, and may continue to make, changes to our operating model, including how we are organized, as the needs and size of our business change, and if we do not successfully implement the changes or operate effectively under any new operating model, including the Reinvention Services change effective September 1, 2025, our business and results of operation may be negatively impacted.

We might not be successful at acquiring, investing in or integrating businesses, entering into joint ventures or divesting businesses.

We expect to continue pursuing strategic acquisitions, investments and joint ventures to enhance or add to our skills and capabilities or offerings of solutions and services, or to enable us to expand in certain geographic and other markets. We have in the past and may again in the future increase the amount of capital invested in such opportunities. These acquisitions and other transactions and investments involve challenges and risks, such as that we may not succeed in completing targeted transactions, including as a result of the market becoming increasingly competitive, or achieve desired results of operations. To the extent that we increase the capital invested in such opportunities, the risks associated with such investments, further described below, also increase. 

Furthermore, we face risks in successfully integrating any businesses we might acquire, and these risks may be magnified by the size and number of transactions we have executed. Ongoing business may be disrupted, and our management’s attention may be diverted by acquisition, investment, transition or integration activities. In addition, we might need to dedicate additional management and other resources, and our organizational structure could make it difficult for us to efficiently integrate acquired businesses into our ongoing operations and assimilate and retain employees of those businesses into our culture and operations. The loss of key executives, employees, customers, suppliers, vendors and other business partners of businesses we acquire may adversely impact the value of the assets, operations or businesses. Furthermore, acquisitions or joint ventures may result in significant costs and expenses, including those related to retention payments, equity compensation, severance pay, early retirement costs, intangible asset amortization and asset impairment charges, enhancing controls, procedures and policies including those related to financial reporting, disclosure, and cyber and information security, assumed litigation and other liabilities, and legal, accounting and financial advisory fees, which could negatively affect our profitability as these costs and expenses grow along with the increased capital invested in such acquisitions and joint ventures. We may have difficulties as a result of entering into new markets where we have limited or no direct prior experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions.

In some cases, we have failed to, and may in the future fail to fully realize the expected benefits or strategic objectives of any acquisition, investment or joint venture we undertake. We might not achieve our expected return on investment or may lose money. We may be adversely impacted by liabilities that we assume from a company we acquire or in which we invest, including from that company’s known and unknown obligations, intellectual property or other assets, terminated employees, current or former clients or other third parties. In addition, we may fail to identify or adequately assess the magnitude of certain liabilities, shortcomings or other circumstances prior to acquiring, investing in or partnering with a company, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions or liabilities resulting from an acquisition target’s previous activities, or from an acquisition’s controls related to financial reporting, disclosure, and cyber and information security environment. The number of transactions we execute annually may increase this risk. If any of these circumstances occurs, they could result in unexpected regulatory or legal exposure, including litigation with new or existing clients, unfavorable accounting treatment, unexpected increases in taxes or other adverse effects on our relationships with clients and our business. In addition, we have a lesser degree of control over the business operations of the joint ventures and businesses in which we have made minority investments or in which we have acquired less than 100% of the equity. This lesser degree of control may expose us to additional reputational, financial, legal, compliance or operational risks. Litigation, indemnification claims and other unforeseen claims and liabilities may arise from the acquisition or operation of acquired businesses. For example, we may face litigation or other claims as a result of certain terms and conditions of the acquisition agreement, such as earnout payments or closing working capital adjustments. Alternatively, shareholder litigation may arise as a result of proposed acquisitions. If we are unable to complete the number and kind of investments for which we plan, or if we are inefficient or unsuccessful at integrating acquired businesses into our operations, we may not be able to achieve our planned rates of growth or improve our market share, profitability or competitive position in specific markets or services.


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  21

We also periodically evaluate, and have engaged in, the disposition of assets and businesses. Divestitures could involve difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and people, the diversion of management’s attention, the disruption of our business and the potential loss of key employees. After reaching an agreement with a buyer for the disposition of a business, the transaction may be subject to the satisfaction of pre-closing conditions, including obtaining necessary regulatory and government approvals, which, if not satisfied or obtained, may prevent us from completing the transaction. Divestitures may also involve continued financial involvement in or liability with respect to the divested assets and businesses, such as indemnities or other financial obligations, in which the performance of the divested assets or businesses could impact our results of operations. Any divestiture we undertake could adversely affect our results of operations.

Legal and Regulatory Risks

Our business could be materially adversely affected if we incur legal liability.

We are subject to, and may become a party to, a variety of litigation or other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Our business is subject to the risk of litigation involving current and former employees, clients, ecosystem partners, subcontractors, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies or others through private actions, class actions, whistleblower claims, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. Regardless of the merits of the claims, the cost to defend current and future litigation may be significant, and such matters can be time-consuming and divert management’s attention and resources. The results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some or all of these legal disputes may result in materially adverse monetary damages, fines, penalties, debarment or injunctive relief against us and/or require changes to our business practices or other actions that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or reputation. Any claims or litigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete effectively or to obtain adequate insurance in the future or otherwise have a material adverse effect. 

We could be subject to significant legal liability and litigation expense if we fail to meet our contractual obligations, contribute to internal control or other deficiencies of a client or otherwise breach obligations to third parties, including clients, ecosystem partners, employees and former employees, and other parties with whom we conduct business, or if our subcontractors breach or dispute the terms of our agreements with them and impede our ability to meet our obligations to our clients, or if our solutions or services cause bodily injuries or death to our people, clients or the public, or property damage. For example, by taking over the operation of certain portions of our clients’ businesses, including functions and systems that are critical to the core businesses of our clients, by contributing to the design, development, manufacturing and/or engineering of client products, or by providing various operational technology, digital manufacturing and robotics or other industrial automation equipment solutions, and advisory, management and engineering services for infrastructure projects, we may be exposed to additional and evolving operational, regulatory, reputational or other risks specific to these areas, including risks related to data security, product liability, health and safety, hazardous materials and other environmental risks. A failure of a client’s system, product or infrastructure based on our solutions or services could also subject us to regulatory scrutiny or claims for significant damages that could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

In order to remain competitive, we increasingly enter into agreements based on our clients’ contract terms after conducting an assessment of the risk of doing so, which may expose us to additional risk. In addition, the contracting practices of competitors, along with the demands of increasingly sophisticated clients, may cause contract terms and conditions that are unfavorable to us to become new standards in the industry. We may commit to providing solutions or services that we are unable to deliver or whose delivery may reduce our profitability or cause us financial loss. If we cannot or do not meet our contractual obligations and if our potential liability is not adequately limited through the terms of our agreements, liability limitations are not enforced or a third party alleges fraud or other wrongdoing to prevent us from relying upon those contractual protections, we might face significant legal liability and litigation expense and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Moreover, as we expand our solutions and services into new areas, we may be exposed to additional and evolving risks specific to these new areas.

In addition, we engage in platform trust and safety services on behalf of clients, including content moderation, which could have a negative impact on our employees due to the nature of the materials they review. We have been subject to media coverage regarding our provision of these services as well as litigation related to the provision of these services, which may result in adverse judgments or settlements or government inquiries and investigations. 

Similarly, we periodically are and in the future could become the target of litigation, investigations, or other proceedings initiated by government authorities or private actors alleging that our activities or positions related to ESG (including inclusion and diversity) are anti-competitive, discriminatory or otherwise unlawful.

While we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. Even if we believe a claim is covered 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  22

by insurance, insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing and, if they prevail, the amount of our recovery. 

Our work with government clients exposes us to additional risks inherent in the government contracting environment.

Our clients include national, provincial, state and local governmental entities. Our government work carries various risks inherent in the government contracting process. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

•Government entities, particularly in the United States, often reserve the right to audit our contract costs and conduct inquiries and investigations of our business practices and compliance with government contract requirements. U.S. government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency, routinely audit our contract costs, including allocated indirect costs, for compliance with the Cost Accounting Standards and the Federal Acquisition Regulation. These agencies also conduct reviews and investigations and make inquiries regarding our accounting, information technology and other systems in connection with our performance and business practices with respect to our government contracts. Negative findings from existing and future audits, investigations or inquiries, or failure to comply with applicable IT security, supply chain, or other requirements, could affect our future sales and profitability by preventing us, by operation of law or in practice, from receiving new government contracts for some period of time, or result in other adverse consequences described in the following paragraphs. In addition, if the U.S. government concludes that certain costs are not reimbursable, have not been properly determined or are based on outdated estimates of our work, then we will not be allowed to bill for such costs, may have to refund money that has already been paid to us or could be required to retroactively and prospectively adjust previously agreed to billing or pricing rates for our work. Negative findings from existing and future audits of our business systems, including our accounting system, may result in the U.S. government preventing us from billing, at least temporarily, a percentage of our costs. As a result of prior negative findings in connection with audits, investigations and inquiries, we have from time to time experienced some of the adverse consequences described above and may in the future experience further adverse consequences, which could materially adversely affect our future results of operations. 

•If a government client discovers improper or illegal activities in the course of audits or investigations, or alleges that such conduct occurred, we may become subject to various civil and criminal penalties, including those under the civil U.S. False Claims Act, and administrative sanctions, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from doing business with other agencies of that government. The inherent limitations of internal controls may not prevent or detect all improper or illegal activities. 

•On January 21, 2025, an executive order was issued requiring U.S. federal contractors to certify that they do not operate any programs promoting diversity, equity and inclusion that violate any applicable federal anti-discrimination laws. Additionally, various U.S federal and state government agencies and departments may initiate legal proceedings asserting our actions or programs violate the U.S False Claims Act, civil rights laws or other similar federal or state orders, laws or regulations. A violation of these or similar federal or state orders, laws or regulations, may expose us to penalties and sanctions discussed above and jeopardize our ability to continue to do work with the U.S. federal government and certain state governments, which may materially adversely affect our future results of operations.

•U.S. government contracting regulations impose strict compliance and heightened disclosure obligations. From time to time we have made required or voluntary disclosures to the government in connection with our government contracting work. Disclosure is required if certain company personnel have knowledge of “credible evidence” of a violation of federal criminal laws involving fraud, conflict of interest, bribery or improper gratuity, a violation of the civil U.S. False Claims Act or receipt of a significant overpayment from the government. Failure to make required disclosures could be a basis for suspension and/or debarment from federal government contracting in addition to breach of the specific contract and could also impact contracting beyond the U.S. federal level. Reported matters may also lead to audits or investigations and other civil, criminal or administrative sanctions, including those described above. For example, after Accenture Federal Services (“AFS”) made a voluntary disclosure to the U.S. government, the U.S. Department of Justice initiated a civil and criminal investigation concerning whether one or more employees provided inaccurate submissions to an assessor who was evaluating on behalf of the U.S. government an AFS service offering and whether the service offering fully implemented required federal security controls. This matter could subject to us to adverse consequences, including those described in this risk factor. 

•Government contracts are subject to heightened reputational and contractual risks compared to contracts with commercial clients. For example, government contracts and the proceedings surrounding them are often subject to more extensive scrutiny and publicity. Negative publicity, including an allegation of improper or illegal activity, regardless of its accuracy, may adversely affect our reputation. 

•Terms and conditions of government contracts also tend to be more onerous and are often more difficult to negotiate. For example, these contracts often contain high or unlimited liability for breaches and feature less favorable payment terms and sometimes require us to take on liability for the performance of third parties. 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  23

•Government entities typically fund projects through appropriated monies. While these projects are often planned and executed as multi-year projects, government entities usually reserve the right to change the scope of or terminate these projects for lack of approved funding and/or at their convenience. Elections, changes in government or political developments, including government closures or shutdowns, budget deficits, shortfalls or uncertainties, government spending reductions or other debt constraints have resulted and could in the future result in our projects being reduced in price or scope, delayed or terminated altogether, which also could limit our recovery of incurred costs, reimbursable expenses and profits on work completed prior to the termination. Furthermore, if insufficient funding is appropriated to the government entity to cover termination costs, we may not be able to fully recover our investments. 

•In 2025, the U.S. administration began efforts to reduce federal spending and the size of the federal workforce under the guidance of the Department of Government Efficiency. In addition, the General Services Administration (GSA)–the U.S. federal procurement agency–has instructed all federal agencies to review their contracts with consulting firms and technology product resellers contracting with the U.S. federal government, including AFS. These and similar spending reductions and contract reviews have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in contract terminations, delays and cancellations of new procurements, and reductions in price and contract scope at AFS as well as at other state and local governments, all of which have had an adverse effect on AFS’s results, and could in the future have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition.

•Political and economic factors such as pending elections, the outcome of recent elections, changes in leadership among key executive or legislative decision makers, revisions to governmental tax or other policies and reduced tax revenues can affect the number and terms of new government contracts signed or the speed at which new contracts are signed, decrease future levels of spending and authorizations for programs that we bid, shift spending priorities to programs in areas for which we do not provide services and/or lead to changes in enforcement or how compliance with relevant rules or laws is assessed. 

•Our ability to work for the U.S. government is impacted by the fact that we are an Irish company. We elected to enter into a proxy agreement with the U.S. Department of Defense that enhances the ability of our U.S. federal government contracting subsidiary to perform certain work for the U.S. government. The proxy agreement regulates the management and operation of, and limits the control we can exercise over, this subsidiary. In addition, legislative and executive proposals remain under consideration or could be proposed in the future, which, if enacted, could place additional limitations on or even prohibit our eligibility to be awarded state or federal government contracts in the United States or could include requirements that would otherwise affect our results of operations. Various U.S. federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced and/or enacted in recent years that deny government contracts to certain U.S. companies that reincorporate or have reincorporated outside the United States. While Accenture was not a U.S. company that reincorporated outside the United States, it is possible that these contract bans and other legislative proposals could be applied in a way that negatively affects Accenture. 

The occurrences or conditions described above could affect not only our business with the particular government entities involved, but also our business with other entities of the same or other governmental bodies or with certain commercial clients, and could have a material adverse effect on our business or our results of operations.

Our global operations expose us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements, and violation of these regulations could harm our business.

We are subject to numerous, changing, and sometimes conflicting, legal regimes on matters as diverse as anticorruption, import/export controls, content requirements, trade restrictions, tariffs, taxation, sanctions, boycotts, immigration, internal and disclosure control obligations, securities regulation, including ESG regulation and reporting requirements, anti-competition, anti-money-laundering, data privacy and protection, government compliance, wage-and-hour standards, employment and labor relations, product liability, health and safety, environmental, human rights and AI regulations, such as the European Union’s AI Act. The sanctions environment has resulted in new sanctions and trade restrictions, which may impair trade with sanctioned individuals and countries, and negative impacts to regional trade ecosystems among our clients, ecosystem partners, and us. For example, as a result of the sanctions imposed in response to the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, we are restricted from offering certain of our services to clients in some locations. It is also possible that compliance with sanctions imposed by one country could lead to reputational harm or other negative impacts to our business in another country or countries. The global nature of our operations and supply chains, including emerging markets where legal systems may be less developed or understood by us, and the diverse nature of our operations across a number of regulated industries, further increase the difficulty of compliance. Compliance with diverse legal requirements is costly, time-consuming and requires significant resources. Violations of one or more of these regulations in the conduct of our business could result in significant fines, enforcement actions or criminal sanctions against us and/or our employees, prohibitions on doing business and damage to our reputation. Violations of these regulations in connection with the performance of our obligations to our clients also could result in liability for significant monetary damages, fines, enforcement actions and/or criminal prosecution or sanctions, unfavorable publicity and other reputational damage and restrictions on our ability to effectively carry out our contractual obligations and thereby expose us to potential claims from our clients. Due to the varying degrees of 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  24

development of the legal systems of the countries in which we operate, local laws may not be well developed or provide sufficiently clear guidance and may be insufficient to protect our rights. 

In particular, in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate and/or seek to expand, practices in the local business community might not conform to international business standards and could violate anticorruption laws, or regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. Our employees, subcontractors, vendors, agents, alliance or joint venture partners, the companies we acquire and their employees, subcontractors, vendors and agents, and other third parties with which we associate, could take actions that violate policies or procedures designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance or applicable anticorruption laws or regulations. Violations of these laws or regulations by us, our employees or any of these third parties could subject us to criminal or civil enforcement actions (whether or not we participated or knew about the actions leading to the violations), including fines or penalties, disgorgement of profits and suspension or disqualification from work, including U.S. federal contracting, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, including our results of operations and our reputation. 

Changes in laws and regulations could also mandate significant and costly changes to the way we implement our solutions and services or could impose additional taxes on our solutions and services. For example, changes in laws and regulations to limit using off-shore resources in connection with our work or to penalize companies that use off-shore resources, which have been proposed from time to time in various jurisdictions, could reduce the demand for our services and adversely affect our cost structure, profitability and results of operations. Such changes may result in contracts being terminated or work being transferred onshore, resulting in greater costs to us, and could have a negative impact on our ability to obtain future work from government clients. 

Increasing focus on ESG matters has resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, the adoption of legal and regulatory requirements related to climate change, human rights and supply chain-related matters. New laws, regulations or interpretations may be more stringent than, or conflict with, other legal or regulatory requirements, which may result in increased compliance burdens and costs or changes to our operations to satisfy such obligations. In addition, our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or may not meet the expectations of investors or other stakeholders. Our ability to achieve our ESG ambitions (such as our 2040 net-zero greenhouse gas emissions target) is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. In addition, standards for tracking and reporting on ESG matters, including climate change and human rights related matters, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Methodologies for reporting ESG data may be updated and previously reported ESG data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations and other changes in circumstances. Our processes and controls for reporting ESG matters across our operations are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures that may be required by the SEC, European and other regulators, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current ambitions, reported progress in achieving such ambitions, or ability to achieve such ambitions in the future.

If we are unable to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, or if our solutions or services infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others or we lose our ability to utilize the intellectual property of others, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to obtain intellectual property protection for our proprietary assets, platforms, methodologies, processes, software, hardware and other solutions. Existing laws of the various countries in which we provide solutions or services may offer only limited intellectual property protection of our solutions or services, and the protection in some countries may be very limited. We rely upon a combination of confidentiality policies and procedures, nondisclosure and other contractual arrangements, and patent, trade secret, copyright and trademark laws to protect our intellectual property rights. These laws are subject to change at any time and could further limit our ability to obtain or maintain intellectual property protection. For example, the intellectual property legal landscape relating to AI is expected to continue to evolve in many countries in which we operate. As a result, there is uncertainty concerning the scope of patent and other intellectual property protection for AI models and outputs, which are fields in which we rely on intellectual property laws to protect our rights. 

Even where we obtain intellectual property protection, our intellectual property rights may not prevent or deter competitors, former employees, or other third parties from reverse engineering our solutions or proprietary methodologies and processes or independently developing solutions or services similar to or duplicative of ours. Further, the steps we take in this regard might not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation of our intellectual property by competitors, former employees or other third parties, and we might not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. Enforcing our rights might also require considerable time, money and oversight, and we may not be successful in enforcing our rights. 

In addition, we cannot be sure that our solutions and services, including, for example, our AI, software and hardware solutions, or the solutions of others that we offer to our clients, do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties (including competitors as well as non-practicing holders of intellectual property assets), and these third parties could 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1A. Risk Factors  25

claim that we or our clients are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. Furthermore, although we have established policies and procedures to respect the intellectual property rights of third parties and that prohibit the unauthorized use of intellectual property, we may not be aware if our employees have misappropriated and/or misused intellectual property, and their actions could result in claims of intellectual property misappropriation and/or infringement from third parties. These claims could harm our reputation, cause us to incur substantial costs or prevent us from offering some solutions or services in the future. Any related proceedings could require us to expend significant resources over an extended period of time. In most of our contracts, we agree to indemnify our clients for expenses and liabilities resulting from claimed infringements of the intellectual property rights of third parties. In some instances, the amount of these indemnities could be greater than the revenues we receive from the client. Any claims or litigation in this area could be time-consuming and costly, damage our reputation and/or require us to incur additional costs to obtain the right to continue to offer a service or solution to our clients. If we cannot secure this right at all or on reasonable terms, or we are unable to implement in a cost-effective manner alternative technology, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The risk of infringement claims against us may increase as we expand our industry AI, software and hardware solutions and continue to develop and deploy our AI, software and hardware solutions to multiple clients. Any infringement action brought against us or our clients could be costly to defend or lead to an expensive settlement or judgment against us. 

Further, we rely on third-party software, hardware, data and other intellectual property in providing some of our solutions and services. If we lose our ability to continue using any such software, hardware, data or intellectual property for any reason, including because it is found to infringe the rights of others, we will need to obtain substitutes or seek alternative means of obtaining the technology necessary to continue to provide such solutions and services. Our inability to replace such software, hardware, data or intellectual property effectively or in a timely and cost-effective manner could materially adversely affect our results of operations.

We are incorporated in Ireland and Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and might afford less protection to our shareholders. We may also be subject to criticism and negative publicity related to our incorporation in Ireland.

Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and our shareholders could have more difficulty protecting their interests than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the United States. The United States currently does not have a treaty with Ireland providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. As such, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Ireland would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on U.S. federal or state civil liability laws, including the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws, or hear actions against us or those persons based on those laws.

As an Irish company, we are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act differs in some significant, and possibly material, respects from laws applicable to U.S. corporations and shareholders under various state corporation laws, including the provisions relating to interested directors, mergers and acquisitions, takeovers, shareholder lawsuits and indemnification of directors. 

Under Irish law, the duties of directors and officers of a company are generally owed to the company only. Shareholders of Irish companies do not generally have rights to take action against directors or officers of the company under Irish law, and may only do so in limited circumstances. Directors of an Irish company must, in exercising their powers and performing their duties, act with due care and skill, honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the company. Directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position in which their duties to the company and their personal interests might conflict and also are under a duty to disclose any personal interest in any contract or arrangement with the company or any of its subsidiaries. If a director or officer of an Irish company is found to have breached his or her duties to that company, he or she could be held personally liable to the company in respect of that breach of duty. 

Under Irish law, we must have authority from our shareholders to issue any shares, including shares that are part of the company’s authorized but unissued share capital. In addition, unless otherwise authorized by its shareholders, when an Irish company issues shares for cash to new shareholders, it is required first to offer those shares on the same or more favorable terms to existing shareholders on a pro-rata basis. If we are unable to obtain these authorizations from our shareholders, or are otherwise limited by the terms of our authorizations, our ability to issue shares under our equity compensation plans and, if applicable, to facilitate funding acquisitions or otherwise raise capital could be adversely affected. 

Some companies that conduct substantial business in the United States but that have a parent domiciled in certain other jurisdictions have been criticized as improperly avoiding U.S. taxes or creating an unfair competitive advantage over U.S. companies. Accenture never conducted business under a U.S. parent company and pays U.S. taxes on all of its U.S. operations. Nonetheless, we could be subject to criticism in connection with our incorporation in Ireland.

## 1B_UnresolvedStaffComments

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2024 FORM 10-K

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments26

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

## 2_Properties

Item 2. Properties

We have major offices in the world’s leading business centers, including Boston, Chicago, New York, San Francisco, São Paolo, Dublin, Frankfurt, London, Madrid, Milan, Paris, Rome, Bangalore, Beijing, Manila, Mumbai, Shanghai, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo, among others. In total, we have facilities and operations in more than 200 cities in 52 countries around the world. We do not own any material real property. Substantially all of our facilities are leased under long-term leases with varying expiration dates. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs in the near future.

## 3_LegalProceedings

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 1C. Cybersecurity28

The information set forth under “Legal Contingencies” in Note 15 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” is incorporated herein by reference.

## 5_MarketForRegistrants

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “ACN.” The New York Stock Exchange is the principal United States market for these shares. As of September 26, 2025, there were 356 holders of record of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares.

There is no trading market for Accenture plc Class X ordinary shares. As of September 26, 2025, there were 14 holders of record of Accenture plc Class X ordinary shares.

Dividends

For information about our dividend activity during fiscal 2025, see Note 14 (Shareholders’ Equity) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

On September 22, 2025, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.63 per share on our Class A ordinary shares for shareholders of record at the close of business on October 10, 2025, payable on November 14, 2025. For the remainder of fiscal 2026, we expect to declare additional quarterly dividends in December 2025 and March and June 2026, to be paid in February, May and August 2026, respectively, subject to the approval of the Board of Directors. 

In certain circumstances, as an Irish tax resident company, we may be required to deduct Irish dividend withholding tax (“DWT”) (currently at the rate of 25%) from dividends paid to our shareholders. Shareholders resident in “relevant territories” (including countries that are European Union member states (other than Ireland), the United States and other countries with which Ireland has a tax treaty) may be exempted from Irish DWT. However, shareholders residing in other countries will generally be subject to Irish DWT.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities30

Purchases of Accenture plc Class A Ordinary Shares

The following table provides information relating to our purchases of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. For year-to-date information on all of our share purchases, redemptions and exchanges and further discussion of our share purchase activity, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Share Purchases and Redemptions.”

PeriodTotal Number ofSharesPurchasedAveragePrice Paidper Share (1)Total Number ofShares Purchased asPart of PubliclyAnnounced Plans orPrograms (2)Approximate Dollar Valueof Shares that May Yet BePurchased Under the Plans orPrograms (3)

 (in millions of U.S. dollars)

June 1, 2025 — June 30, 2025633,762 $305.70 606,123 $3,124 

July 1, 2025 — July 31, 2025961,398 289.01 945,536 2,851 

August 1, 2025 — August 31, 20258,341 259.47 — 2,851 

Total (4)1,603,501 $295.45 1,551,659 

(1)Average price paid per share reflects the total cash outlay for the period, divided by the number of shares acquired, including those acquired by purchase or redemption for cash and any acquired by means of employee forfeiture.

(2)Since August 2001, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc has authorized and periodically confirmed a publicly announced open-market share purchase program for acquiring Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, we purchased 1,551,659 Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under this program for an aggregate price of $458 million. The open-market purchase program does not have an expiration date.

(3)As of August 31, 2025, our aggregate available authorization for share purchases and redemptions was $2,851 million, which management has the discretion to use for either our publicly announced open-market share purchase program or our other share purchase programs. Since August 2001 and as of August 31, 2025, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc has authorized an aggregate of $54.1 billion for share purchases and redemptions by Accenture plc and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. On September 22, 2025, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc approved $5,000 million in additional share repurchase authority, bringing Accenture’s total outstanding authority to $7,851 million.

(4)During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, Accenture purchased 51,842 Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares in transactions unrelated to publicly announced share plans or programs. These transactions consisted of acquisitions of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares primarily via share withholding for payroll tax obligations due from employees and former employees in connection with the delivery of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under our various employee equity share plans. These purchases of shares in connection with employee share plans do not affect our aggregate available authorization for our publicly announced open-market share purchase and our other share purchase programs.

## 7_MDA

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations31

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis also contains forward-looking statements and should also be read in conjunction with the disclosures and information contained in “Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We use the terms “Accenture,” “we,” “our” and “us” in this report to refer to Accenture plc and its subsidiaries. All references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal year, which ends on August 31. For example, a reference to “fiscal 2025” means the 12-month period that ended on August 31, 2025. All references to quarters, unless otherwise noted, refer to the quarters of our fiscal year. 

We use the term “in local currency” so that certain financial results may be viewed without the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of business performance. Financial results “in local currency” are calculated by restating current period activity into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior-year period’s foreign currency exchange rates. This approach is used for all results where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar.

Overview 

Accenture is a leading solutions and global professional services company that helps enterprises reinvent by building their digital core and unleashing the power of AI to create value at speed across the enterprise, bringing together our people, proprietary assets and platforms, and deep ecosystem relationships. Through our Reinvention Services we bring together our capabilities across strategy, consulting, technology, operations, Song and Industry X with our deep industry expertise to create and deliver solutions and services for our clients. We serve clients in three geographic markets: the Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Asia Pacific.

Our results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions, the overall inflationary environment, new and rapidly changing technologies, and levels of business confidence. We continue to see significant economic and geopolitical uncertainty in many markets around the world, which has impacted and may continue to impact our business. While the discretionary environment is unchanged, clients continue to prioritize large-scale transformations, which include becoming AI-ready.

In addition, the U.S. administration is reducing federal spending and the size of the federal workforce under the guidance of the Department of Government Efficiency. We are seeing impacts from these efforts in our federal government business (“Accenture Federal Services, or AFS”), including delays in new procurements, reductions in price and contract scope, and contract terminations. These changes have had an adverse effect on AFS’s results and could in the future have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition. For a discussion of risks related to these and other recent developments, see Item 1A, “Risk Factors.”

Key Metrics 

Key metrics for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 are included below. We have presented operating income, operating margin, effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2025 and 2024 on a non-GAAP or “adjusted” basis to exclude the impact of business optimization costs. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, we initiated business optimization actions and recorded $615 million in related costs, which includes $344 million associated with a refreshed talent strategy, as well as asset impairments of approximately $271 million primarily related to the divestiture of two acquisitions that are no longer aligned with our strategic priorities. In fiscal 2024, we recorded $438 million in business optimization costs associated with actions initiated in fiscal 2023 and completed in fiscal 2024. For additional information regarding our business optimization actions and related costs, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

•Revenues of $69.7 billion, an increase of 7% in both U.S. dollars and local currency;

•New bookings of $80.6 billion, a decrease of 1% in both U.S. dollars and local currency;

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations32

•Operating margin of 14.7%, a decrease from 14.8% in fiscal 2024; adjusted operating margin of 15.6%, an increase compared to 15.5% in fiscal 2024;

•Diluted earnings per share of $12.15, a 6% increase over diluted earnings per share of $11.44 in fiscal 2024; adjusted earnings per share of $12.93, an 8% increase over adjusted earnings per share of $11.95 in fiscal 2024; and

•Cash returned to shareholders of $8.3 billion, including dividends of $3.7 billion and share purchases of $4.6 billion.

Revenues

FiscalPercent Increase (Decrease) U.S. DollarsPercent Increase (Decrease) Local CurrencyPercent of TotalRevenues for Fiscal

(in billions of U.S. dollars)2025202420252024

Geographic MarketsAmericas (1)$35.1 $32.6 8 %9 %50 %50 %

EMEA24.6 22.8 8 6 35 35 

Asia Pacific (1)10.0 9.5 5 4 14 15 

Total Revenues$69.7 $64.9 7 %7 %100 %100 %

Industry GroupsCommunications, Media & Technology$11.5 $10.8 6 %6 %16 %17 %

Financial Services12.8 11.6 10 10 18 18 

Health & Public Service14.8 13.8 7 6 21 21 

Products21.2 19.6 8 8 30 30 

Resources9.5 9.1 5 5 14 14 

Total Revenues$69.7 $64.9 7 %7 %100 %100 %

Type of WorkConsulting$35.1 $33.2 6 %5 %50 %51 %

Managed Services34.6 31.7 9 9 50 49 

Total Revenues$69.7 $64.9 7 %7 %100 %100 %

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

(1)During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit moved from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North America became the Americas market and Growth Markets became the Asia Pacific market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

Revenues for fiscal 2025 increased 7% in both U.S. dollars and local currency compared to fiscal 2024. During fiscal 2025, revenue growth in local currency was very strong in the Americas, strong in EMEA and solid in Asia Pacific. We experienced local currency revenue growth that was very strong in Financial Services & Products, strong in Health & Public Service and Communications, Media & Technology and solid in Resources. Revenue growth in local currency was very strong in managed services and solid in consulting. While the business environment remained competitive, pricing improved in several areas of our business. We define pricing as the contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell.

In our consulting business, revenues for fiscal 2025 increased 6% in U.S. dollars and 5% in local currency compared to fiscal 2024. Consulting revenue growth in local currency for fiscal 2025 was driven by strong growth in the Americas, solid growth in EMEA and modest growth in Asia Pacific. Our consulting revenue continues to be driven by helping our clients accelerate their reinvention, leveraging cloud, enterprise platforms, security, AI and data, including advanced AI, as well as our change capabilities to help clients build new skills and drive the successful adoption of new processes and technologies. In addition, clients continue to be focused on initiatives designed to deliver cost savings, supply chain and operational resilience, as well as to accelerate growth and improve customer experiences. While we continue to experience demand for these services, we are seeing a slower pace and level of client spending, particularly for smaller contracts with a shorter duration.

In our managed services business, revenues for fiscal 2025 increased 9% in both U.S. dollars and local currency compared to fiscal 2024. Managed services revenue growth in local currency for fiscal 2025 was driven by very strong growth in the Americas and strong growth in EMEA and Asia Pacific. We continue to experience growing demand to assist clients with reinvented operations, application development and maintenance, and infrastructure management including cloud and security. Clients continue to be focused on transforming their operations through technology, AI and data, and leveraging our proprietary assets and platforms and talent to drive productivity and cost savings.

As we are a global company, our revenues are denominated in multiple currencies and may be significantly affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations. While a significant portion of our revenues are in U.S. dollars, the majority of our revenues are denominated in other currencies, including the Euro, Japanese yen and U.K. pound. There continues to be volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. Unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have had and could in the future have a material effect on our financial results. If the U.S. dollar weakens against other currencies, resulting in favorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth and results of operations in U.S. dollars may be higher. If the 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations33

U.S. dollar strengthens against other currencies, resulting in unfavorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth and results of operations in U.S. dollars may be lower. There was minimal currency translation impact for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024. Assuming that exchange rates stay within recent ranges, we estimate that our fiscal 2026 revenue growth in U.S. dollars will be approximately 2% higher than our revenue growth in local currency.

People Metrics    

Utilization

Workforce

Voluntary Attrition

92%

779,000+

14%

consistent with fiscal 2024

compared to approximately 774,000 as of August 31, 2024

compared to 13% in fiscal 2024

Utilization for fiscal 2025 was 92%, consistent with fiscal 2024. We hire to meet current and projected future demand. We proactively plan and manage the size and composition of our workforce and take actions as needed to address changes in the anticipated demand for our solutions and services, given that compensation costs are the most significant portion of our operating expenses. Our workforce, the majority of which serves our clients, increased to approximately 779,000 as of August 31, 2025, compared to approximately 774,000 as of August 31, 2024.

For fiscal 2025, attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 14%, compared to 13% in fiscal 2024. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, annualized attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 15%, down from 16% in the third quarter of fiscal 2025. We evaluate voluntary attrition, adjust levels of new hiring and use involuntary terminations as a means to keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with changes in client demand.

In addition, we adjust compensation to provide market relevant pay based on the skills of our people and locations where we operate. We also consider a variety of factors, including the macroeconomic environment, in making our decisions around pay and benefits. We strive to adjust pricing as well as drive cost and delivery efficiencies, such as changing the mix of people and utilizing technology, to reduce the impact of compensation increases on our margin and contract profitability.

Our ability to grow our revenues and maintain or increase our margin could be adversely affected if we are unable to: match people and skills with the types or amounts of solutions and services clients are demanding; recover or offset increases in compensation; deploy our employees globally on a timely basis; manage attrition; and/or effectively assimilate new employees.

New Bookings

FiscalPercent Increase (Decrease) U.S. DollarsPercent Increase (Decrease) Local Currency

(in billions of U.S. dollars)20252024

Consulting$37.6 $37.0 2 %2 %

Managed Services43.0 44.2 (3)(3)

Total New Bookings$80.6 $81.2 (1)%(1)%

We provide information regarding our new bookings, which include new contracts, including those acquired through acquisitions, as well as renewals, extensions and changes to existing contracts, because we believe doing so provides useful trend information regarding changes in the volume of our new business over time. New bookings can vary significantly quarter to quarter depending in part on the timing of the signing of a small number of large managed services contracts. The types of solutions and services clients are demanding and the pace and level of their spending may impact the conversion of new bookings to revenues. For example, managed services bookings, which are typically for multi-year contracts, generally convert to revenue over a longer period of time compared to consulting bookings.

Information regarding our new bookings is not comparable to, nor should it be substituted for, an analysis of our revenues over time. New bookings involve estimates and judgments. There are no third-party standards or requirements governing the calculation of bookings. We do not update our new bookings for material subsequent terminations or reductions related to bookings originally recorded in prior fiscal years. New bookings are recorded using then-existing foreign currency exchange rates and are not subsequently adjusted for foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations34

The majority of our contracts are terminable by the client on short notice with little or no termination penalties, and some without notice. Only the non-cancelable portion of these contracts is included in our remaining performance obligations disclosed in Note 2 (Revenues) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” Accordingly, a significant portion of what we consider contract bookings is not included in our remaining performance obligations.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. We continually evaluate our estimates, judgments and assumptions based on available information and experience. Because the use of estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. Certain of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. These include certain aspects of accounting for revenue recognition and income taxes. 

Revenue Recognition 

Determining the method and amount of revenue to recognize requires us to make judgments and estimates. Specifically, complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require contract interpretation to determine the appropriate accounting, including whether promised goods and services specified in an arrangement are distinct performance obligations and should be accounted for separately. Other judgments include determining whether performance obligations are satisfied over time or at a point in time and the selection of the method to measure progress towards completion. 

We measure progress towards completion for technology integration consulting services and some non-technology consulting services using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion. Revenues, including estimated fees, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. The amount of revenue recognized for these contracts in a period is dependent on our ability to estimate total contract costs. We continually evaluate our estimates of total contract costs based on available information and experience.  

Additionally, the nature of our contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including incentive fees. Many contracts include incentives or penalties related to costs incurred, benefits produced or adherence to schedules that may increase the variability in revenues and margins earned on such contracts. We conduct reviews prior to signing such contracts to evaluate whether these incentives are reasonably achievable. Our estimates are monitored over the lives of our contracts and are based on an assessment of our anticipated performance, historical experience and other information available at the time. 

For additional information, see Note 2 (Revenues) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

Income Taxes 

Determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, income tax liabilities and deferred tax assets and liabilities involves judgment. Deferred tax assets and liabilities, measured using enacted tax rates, are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax and financial statement bases of assets and liabilities. As a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. This involves estimating current tax exposures in each jurisdiction as well as making judgments regarding the recoverability of deferred tax assets. Tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period to resolve. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized and adjust the valuation allowances accordingly. Factors considered in making this determination include the period of expiration of the tax asset, planned use of the tax asset, tax planning strategies and historical and projected taxable income as well as tax liabilities for the tax jurisdiction in which the tax asset is located. Valuation allowances will be subject to change in each future reporting period as a result of changes in one or more of these factors. Changes in the geographic mix or estimated level of annual income before taxes can affect the overall effective tax rate. 

We apply an estimated annual effective tax rate to our quarterly operating results to determine the interim provision for income tax expense. A change in judgment that impacts the measurement of a tax position taken in a prior year is recognized as a discrete item in the interim period in which the change occurs. In the event there is a significant unusual or infrequent item recognized in our quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is recorded in the interim period in which it occurs. We release stranded tax effects from Accumulated other comprehensive loss using the specific identification approach for our defined benefit plans and the portfolio approach for other items. 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations35

No taxes have been provided on undistributed foreign earnings that are planned to be indefinitely reinvested. If future events, including material changes in estimates of cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements, necessitate that these earnings be distributed, an additional provision for taxes may apply, which could materially affect our future effective tax rate. We currently do not foresee any event that would require us to distribute these indefinitely reinvested earnings. For additional information, see Note 11 (Income Taxes) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

As a matter of course, we are regularly audited by various taxing authorities, and sometimes these audits result in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution may result in us owing additional taxes. We establish tax liabilities or reduce tax assets when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are appropriate and supportable under local tax law, we believe we may not succeed in realizing the tax benefit of certain positions if challenged. In evaluating a tax position, we determine whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. Our estimate of the ultimate tax liability contains assumptions based on past experiences, judgments about potential actions by taxing jurisdictions as well as judgments about the likely outcome of issues that have been raised by taxing jurisdictions. The tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. We evaluate tax positions each quarter and adjust the related tax liabilities or assets in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit or the expiration of a statute of limitations. We believe the estimates and assumptions used to support our evaluation of tax positions are reasonable. However, final determinations of prior-year tax liabilities, either by settlement with tax authorities or expiration of statutes of limitations, could be materially different from estimates reflected in assets and liabilities and historical income tax provisions. The outcome of these final determinations could have a material effect on our income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period in which that determination is made. We believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and that we have adequately accounted for these positions.

Revenues by Segment/Geographic Market 

Our three reportable operating segments are our geographic markets, the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific. In addition to reporting revenues by geographic market and industry group, we also report revenues by two types of work: consulting and managed services, which represent the services sold by our geographic markets. Consulting revenues, which include strategy, management and technology consulting and technology integration consulting, reflect a finite, distinct project or set of projects with a defined outcome and typically a defined set of specific deliverables. Managed services revenues typically reflect ongoing, repeatable services or capabilities provided to transition, run and/or manage operations of client systems or business functions.  

From time to time, our geographic markets work together to sell and implement certain contracts. The resulting revenues and costs from these contracts may be apportioned among the participating geographic markets. Generally, operating expenses for each geographic market have similar characteristics and are subject to the same factors, pressures and challenges. However, the economic environment and its effects on the industries served by our geographic markets affect revenues and operating expenses within our geographic markets to differing degrees. The mix between consulting and managed services is not uniform among our geographic markets. Local currency fluctuations also tend to affect our geographic markets differently, depending on the geographic concentrations and locations of their businesses. 

While we provide discussion about our results of operations below, we cannot measure how much of our revenue growth in a particular period is attributable to changes in price or volume. Management does not track standard measures of unit or rate volume. Instead, our measures of volume and price are extremely complex, as each of our services contracts is unique, reflecting a customized mix of specific services that does not fit into standard comparability measurements. Revenue for our services is a function of the nature of each service to be provided, the skills required and the outcome sought, as well as estimated cost, risk, contract terms and other factors. 


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations36

Results of Operations for Fiscal 2025 Compared to Fiscal 2024 

Revenues

Revenues by geographic market, industry group and type of work are as follows: 

  FiscalPercentIncrease (Decrease)U.S. DollarsPercentIncrease (Decrease)LocalCurrency

(in millions of U.S. dollars)20252024

Geographic Markets

Americas (1)$35,057 $32,552 8 %9 %

EMEA24,644 22,818 8 6 

Asia Pacific (1)9,972 9,526 5 4 

Total Revenues$69,673 $64,896 7 %7 %

Industry Groups

Communications, Media & Technology$11,454 $10,837 6 %6 %

Financial Services12,774 11,610 10 10 

Health & Public Service14,763 13,841 7 6 

Products21,197 19,554 8 8 

Resources9,485 9,054 5 5 

Total Revenues$69,673 $64,896 7 %7 %

Type of Work

Consulting$35,107 $33,195 6 %5 %

Managed Services34,566 31,701 9 9 

Total Revenues$69,673 $64,896 7 %7 %

(1)During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit moved from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North America became the Americas market and Growth Markets became the Asia Pacific market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

.

Geographic Markets 

The following revenues commentary discusses the primary drivers of local currency revenue changes by geographic market for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024: 

•Americas revenues increased 9% in local currency, led by growth in Banking & Capital Markets, Industrials and Software & Platforms. Revenue growth was driven by the United States.

•EMEA revenues increased 6% in local currency, led by growth in Public Service, Life Sciences, Insurance, Health and Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel Services. Revenue growth was driven by the United Kingdom and Germany, partially offset by a decline in France.

•Asia Pacific revenues increased 4% in local currency, led by growth in Utilities, Banking & Capital Markets, Public Service and Insurance, partially offset by a decline in Chemicals & Natural Resources. Revenue growth was driven by Japan and Australia, partially offset by a decline in Singapore.

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for fiscal 2025 increased $4,147 million over fiscal 2024, and increased as a percentage of revenues to 85.3% from 85.2% in fiscal 2024.

The primary categories of operating expenses include Cost of services, Sales and marketing and General and administrative costs. Cost of services is primarily driven by the cost of people serving our clients, which consists mainly of compensation and other payroll costs, as well as non-payroll costs such as subcontractors, facilities, technology and travel. Cost of services and the related gross margin may be impacted by several factors, including contract profitability, which includes the pricing on the work that we sell, as well as by the investments we make in our business and our people, such as research and development to build assets, platforms and industry and functional solutions, learning and professional development and strategic acquisitions. Sales and marketing costs are driven primarily by compensation costs for business development activities; marketing- and advertising-related activities; and certain acquisition-related costs. General and administrative costs primarily include costs for people that are non-client-facing, information systems, office space and certain acquisition-related costs.


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations37

Operating expenses by category are as follows:

Fiscal

(in millions of U.S. dollars)20252024Increase  (Decrease)

Operating Expenses$59,447 85.3 %$55,301 85.2 %$4,147 

Cost of services47,438 68.1 43,734 67.4 3,703 

Sales and marketing7,043 10.1 6,847 10.6 197 

General and administrative costs4,351 6.2 4,281 6.6 70 

Business optimization costs615 0.9 438 0.7 177 

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

Cost of Services 

Cost of services for fiscal 2025 increased $3,703 million, or 8%, over fiscal 2024, and increased as a percentage of revenues to 68.1% over 67.4% during this period. Gross margin for fiscal 2025 decreased as a percentage of revenues to 31.9% from 32.6% during fiscal 2024. The decrease in gross margin was primarily due to higher payroll costs.

Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing expense for fiscal 2025 increased $197 million, or 3%, over fiscal 2024, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 10.1% from 10.6% during this period due to lower payroll and non-payroll costs.

General and Administrative Costs 

General and administrative costs for fiscal 2025 increased $70 million, or 2%, over fiscal 2024, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 6.2% from 6.6% during this period primarily due to lower payroll costs.

Business Optimization Costs

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, we initiated business optimization actions and recorded $615 million in related costs, which includes $344 million related to a talent rotation that we are making in a compressed timeline, as well as asset impairments of approximately $271 million primarily related to the divestiture of two acquisitions that are no longer aligned with our strategic priorities. During fiscal 2024, we recorded business optimization costs of $438 million associated with actions initiated in fiscal 2023 and completed in fiscal 2024, primarily for employee severance. For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

We have presented operating income, operating margin, effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share on a non-GAAP or “adjusted” basis excluding the business optimization costs recorded in fiscal 2025 and 2024 as we believe doing so facilitates understanding as to the impact of these items and our performance in comparison to the prior periods. While we believe that this non-GAAP financial information is useful in evaluating our operations, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

Operating Income and Operating Margin 

Operating income and operating margin for each of the geographic markets is as follows: 

  Fiscal

  20252024

(in millions of U.S. dollars)OperatingIncomeOperatingMarginOperatingIncomeOperatingMarginIncrease (Decrease)

Americas (1)$5,324 15 %$5,080 16 %$245 

EMEA 3,091 13 2,804 12 287 

Asia Pacific (1)1,810 18 1,713 18 98 

Total$10,226 14.7 %$9,596 14.8 %$630 

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

(1)During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit moved from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North America became the Americas market and Growth Markets became the Asia Pacific market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations38

Operating income for fiscal 2025 increased $630 million, or 7%, compared with fiscal 2024. Operating margin for fiscal 2025 was 14.7%, compared with 14.8% for fiscal 2024. 

Geographic Markets    

We estimate that the aggregate percentage impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our operating income during fiscal 2025 was similar to that disclosed for revenue for each geographic market. Additionally, operating costs for our geographic markets increased in line with revenues. The commentary below provides insight into other factors affecting geographic market performance and operating income for fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024: 

•Americas operating income increased due to revenue growth, partially offset by higher business optimization costs.

•EMEA operating income increased due to revenue growth and lower business optimization costs.

•Asia Pacific operating income increased due to revenue growth and lower business optimization costs.

Operating Income and Operating Margin Excluding Business Optimization Costs (Non-GAAP)

The business optimization costs reduced operating margin for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 by 90 and 70 basis points, respectively. Adjusted operating margin for fiscal 2025 was 15.6% compared to adjusted operating margin for fiscal 2024 of 15.5%.

Fiscal

  20252024

(in millions of U.S. dollars)OperatingIncome (GAAP)BusinessOptimization (1)OperatingIncome (Non-GAAP)OperatingMargin (Non-GAAP)OperatingIncome (GAAP)BusinessOptimization (2)OperatingIncome (Non-GAAP)OperatingMargin (Non-GAAP)Increase(Decrease)

Americas (3)$5,324 $420 $5,745 16 %$5,080 $83 $5,163 16 %$582 

EMEA 3,091 132 3,223 13 2,804 249 3,052 13 171 

Asia Pacific (3)1,810 63 1,873 19 1,713 107 1,819 19 54 

Total$10,226 $615 $10,841 15.6 %$9,596 $438 $10,034 15.5 %$807 

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

(1)Costs recorded in connection with business optimization actions initiated in fiscal 2025, including $344 million for employee severance associated with headcount reductions we are making in a compressed timeline and $271 million for asset impairments primarily related to the divestiture of two acquisitions in the Americas that are no longer aligned with our strategic priorities. 

(2)Costs recorded in connection with business optimization actions initiated in fiscal 2023 and completed in fiscal 2024, primarily for employee severance.

(3)During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit moved from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North America became the Americas market and Growth Markets became the Asia Pacific market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.  

Interest Income

Interest income for fiscal 2025 was $336 million, an increase of $64 million, or 24%, over fiscal 2024. The increase was primarily due to a higher average cash balance.

Interest Expense

Interest expense for fiscal 2025 was $229 million, an increase of $170 million over fiscal 2024. The increase was primarily due to an increase in long-term debt.

Other Income (Expense), net

Other income (expense), net primarily consists of foreign currency gains and losses, non-operating components of pension expense, as well as gains and losses associated with our investments. During fiscal 2025, Other income (expense), net decreased $47 million, or 43%, from fiscal 2024, primarily due to higher gains on investments.

Income Tax Expense 

The effective tax rate for fiscal 2025 was 23.7%, compared with 23.5% for fiscal 2024.

Income Tax Expense Excluding Business Optimization Costs (Non-GAAP)

Excluding the business optimization costs of $615 million and related reduction in tax expense of $126 million, our adjusted effective tax rate was 23.6% for fiscal 2025. Excluding the business optimization costs of $438 million and related reduction in tax expense of $111 million, our adjusted effective tax rate was 23.6% for fiscal 2024.


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations39

Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests reflects the income earned or expense incurred attributable to the equity interest that some current and former members of Accenture Leadership and their permitted transferees have in our Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. subsidiary. See “Business—Organizational Structure.” Noncontrolling interests also include amounts primarily attributable to noncontrolling shareholders in our Avanade Inc. subsidiary. Net income attributable to Accenture plc represents the income attributable to the shareholders of Accenture plc. 

Earnings Per Share 

Diluted earnings per share were $12.15 for fiscal 2025, compared with $11.44 for fiscal 2024. For information regarding our earnings per share calculations, see Note 3 (Earnings Per Share) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

Earnings Per Share Excluding Business Optimization Costs (Non-GAAP)

The business optimization costs of $489 million and $327 million, net of related taxes, decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.78 and $0.51 for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, respectively. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $12.93 and $11.95 for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, respectively.

Fiscal

2024 As Reported$11.44 

Business optimization costs0.69 

Tax effect of business optimization costs (1)(0.18)

2024 As Adjusted$11.95 

2025 As Reported$12.15 

Business optimization costs0.98 

Tax effect of business optimization costs (1)(0.20)

2025 As Adjusted$12.93 

(1)The income tax effect of business optimization costs includes both the current and deferred income tax impact and was calculated by using the relevant tax rate of the country where the adjustments were recorded.

The increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 is due to the following factors:

Fiscal

2024 As Adjusted$11.95 

Higher revenue and operating results0.97 

Lower share count0.07 

Lower effective tax rate0.01 

Lower non-operating income(0.07)

2025 As Adjusted$12.93 

Our operating income and diluted earnings per share are affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations on revenues and costs. Most of our costs are incurred in the same currency as the related revenues. Where practical, we seek to manage foreign currency exposure for costs not incurred in the same currency as the related revenues, such as the costs associated with our global delivery model, by using currency protection provisions in our customer contracts and through our hedging programs. We seek to manage our costs, taking into consideration the residual positive and negative effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on those costs. For more information on our hedging programs, see Foreign Currency Risk under Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” and Note 9 (Financial Instruments) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Results of Operations for Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023

Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 includes a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended August 31, 2023 in Item 7 of Part II, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations40

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, available cash reserves, debt capacity available under various credit facilities and other borrowings. We could raise additional funds through other public or private debt or equity financings. We may use our available or additional funds to, among other things:

•facilitate purchases, redemptions and exchanges of shares and pay dividends;

•acquire complementary businesses or technologies;

•take advantage of opportunities, including more rapid expansion;

•develop new solutions and services; or

•repay outstanding borrowings and other debt.

See Note 10 (Borrowings and Indebtedness) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for further information regarding our outstanding borrowings and other debt.

As of August 31, 2025, Cash and cash equivalents were $11.5 billion, compared with $5.0 billion as of August 31, 2024. 

Cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in our Consolidated Cash Flows Statements, are summarized in the following table: 

  FiscalChange

(in millions of U.S. dollars)20252024

Net cash provided by (used in):

Operating activities$11,474 $9,131 $2,343 

Investing activities(2,020)(7,062)5,042 

Financing activities(2,948)(6,064)3,115 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents(32)(46)14 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents$6,474 $(4,041)$10,515 

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

Operating activities: The $2,343 million increase in operating cash flows was primarily due to higher net income and lower cash outflows for certain compensation payments compared to the prior year.

Investing activities: The $5,042 million decrease in cash used was primarily due to lower spending on business acquisitions. For additional information, see Note 6 (Business Combinations and Dispositions) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Financing activities: The $3,115 million decrease in cash used was primarily due to higher net proceeds from borrowings. For additional information, see Note 14 (Shareholders’ Equity) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

We believe that our current and longer-term working capital, investments and other general corporate funding requirements will be satisfied for the next twelve months and thereafter through cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, from our borrowing facilities and future financial market activities.

Substantially all of our cash is held in jurisdictions where there are no regulatory restrictions or material tax effects on the free flow of funds. Domestic cash inflows for our Irish parent, principally dividend distributions from lower-tier subsidiaries, have been sufficient to meet our historic cash requirements, and we expect this to continue into the future.

Borrowings and Indebtedness

On September 30, 2024, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3, pursuant to which Accenture plc’s wholly owned finance subsidiaries Accenture Capital and Accenture Global Capital DAC may issue debt securities. As of August 31, 2025, we had outstanding long-term debt in the form of senior unsecured notes issued by Accenture Capital in an aggregate principal amount of $5 billion, which mature from 2027 through 2034. Accenture plc fully and unconditionally guarantees these notes, as well as all future debt securities that may be issued by these entities.

For additional information regarding our outstanding borrowings, credit facilities and other debt, see Note 10 (Borrowings and Indebtedness) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and supplementary Data.”


ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations41

Share Purchases and Redemptions 

We intend to continue to use a significant portion of cash generated from operations for share repurchases during fiscal 2026. The number of shares ultimately repurchased under our open-market share purchase program may vary depending on numerous factors, including, without limitation, share price and other market conditions, our ongoing capital allocation planning, the levels of cash and debt balances, other demands for cash, such as acquisition activity, general economic and/or business conditions, and board and management discretion. Additionally, as these factors may change over the course of the year, the amount of share repurchase activity during any particular period cannot be predicted and may fluctuate from time to time. Share repurchases may be made from time to time through open-market purchases, in respect of purchases and redemptions of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares, through the use of Rule 10b5-1 plans and/or by other means. The repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time, without notice. For additional information, see Note 14 (Shareholders’ Equity) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

Subsequent Events

See Note 14 (Shareholders’ Equity) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

Obligations and Commitments

As of August 31, 2025, we had commitments of $3 billion related to cloud hosting arrangements, software subscriptions, information technology services and other obligations in the ordinary course of business that we cannot cancel or where we would be required to pay a termination fee in the event of cancellation. Payments under these commitments are estimated to be made as follows:

(in millions of U.S. dollars)Payments (1)

Less than 1 year$1,154 

1-3 years1,275 

3-5 years513 

More than 5 years38 

Total$2,980 

(1)Amounts do not include recourse that we may have to recover termination fees or penalties from clients. 

For information about borrowing facilities and leases, see Note 10 (Borrowings and Indebtedness) and Note 8 (Leases) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

In the normal course of business and in conjunction with some client engagements, we have entered into contractual arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify clients with respect to certain matters. To date, we have not been required to make any significant payment under any of these arrangements. For further discussion of these transactions, see Note 15 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

New Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

## 7A_QuantitativeQualitativeMarketRisk

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk42

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

All of our market risk sensitive instruments were entered into for purposes other than trading. 

Foreign Currency Risk 

We are exposed to foreign currency risk in the ordinary course of business. We hedge material cash flow exposures when feasible using forward contracts. These instruments are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and credit risk. Credit risk is managed through careful selection and ongoing evaluation of the financial institutions utilized as counterparties. 

Certain of these hedge positions are undesignated hedges of balance sheet exposures such as intercompany loans and typically have maturities of less than one year. These hedges, the most significant of which are U.S. dollar/Japanese yen, U.S. dollar/Indian rupee, U.S. dollar/Euro, U.S. dollar/U.K. pound, U.S. dollar/Australian dollar, U.S. dollar/Swiss franc, U.S. dollar/Philippine peso and U.S. dollar/Chinese yuan, are intended to offset remeasurement of the underlying assets and liabilities. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Income Statements. Additionally, we have hedge positions that are designated cash flow hedges of certain intercompany charges relating to our global delivery model. These hedges, the most significant of which are U.S. dollar/Indian rupee, U.S. dollar/Philippine peso, Euro/Indian rupee and U.K. pound/Indian rupee, typically have maturities not exceeding three years and are intended to partially offset the impact of foreign currency movements on future costs relating to our global delivery resources. For additional information, see Note 9 (Financial Instruments) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

For designated cash flow hedges, gains and losses currently recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss are expected to be reclassified into earnings at the time when certain anticipated intercompany charges are accrued as Cost of services. As of August 31, 2025, it was anticipated that approximately $115 million of net losses, net of tax, currently recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss will be reclassified into Cost of services within the next 12 months.  

We use sensitivity analysis to determine the effects that market foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may have on the fair value of our hedge portfolio. The sensitivity of the hedge portfolio is computed based on the market value of future cash flows as affected by changes in exchange rates. This sensitivity analysis represents the hypothetical changes in value of the hedge position and does not reflect the offsetting gain or loss on the underlying exposure. A 10% change in the levels of foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar (or other base currency of the hedge if not a U.S. dollar hedge) with all other variables held constant would have resulted in a change in the fair value of our hedge instruments of approximately $722 million and $655 million as of August 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

Interest Rate Risk 

The interest rate risk associated with our borrowing and investing activities as of August 31, 2025 is not material in relation to our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. While we may do so in the future, we have not used derivative financial instruments to alter the interest rate characteristics of our investment holdings or debt instruments. 

Equity Investment Risk

Our non-marketable and marketable equity securities are subject to a wide variety of market-related risks that could substantially reduce or increase the fair value of our investments.

Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately held companies which are often in a start-up or development stage, which is inherently risky. The technologies or products these companies have under development are typically in the early stages and may never materialize, which could result in a loss of a substantial part of our investment in these companies. The evaluations of privately held companies are based on information that we request from these companies, which is not subject to the same disclosure regulations as U.S. publicly traded companies, and as such, the basis for these evaluations is subject to the timing and accuracy of the data received from these companies. We have minimal exposure on our long-term investments in privately held companies as these investments were not material in relation to our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows as of August 31, 2025. 

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk43

We record our marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method at fair value based on readily determinable market values.

The carrying values of our investments accounted for under the equity method generally do not fluctuate based on market price changes; however, these investments could be impaired if the carrying value exceeds the fair value.

## 8_FinancialStatements

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and financial statements commencing on page F-1, which are incorporated herein by reference.

## 9A_ControlsAndProcedures

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Based on that evaluation, the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of Accenture plc have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

i.pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;

Table of Contents

ACCENTURE 2025 FORM 10-K

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures44

ii.provide reasonable assurance that the transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our Board of Directors; and

iii.provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.

Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of their audit, has issued its auditor’s report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. See “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” on page F-2.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
